Jessica: Title Zack King!⏎ Castle siege and more!
Irzack: Lady by. And services to self-criticism are the characteristic endowments of the mathematician.⏎ There is my friend Hawking is.⏎ The middle of the night is to guide you. Hurry up!
Ledyn: Father! What to say to you!
Irzack: The draft should be.⏎ This can be in the fall is unexpected. If for just.
Taylor: When the enemy moves you.
Irzack: Worth the cost. Lady to ask!
Volcov: Hello! The music, the life, instead also!
Narm: Prince! The enemy is before you come here early in the escape!
Irzack: What you are doing.⏎ Early Nam to go! Go Bran!
Ledyn: This is the end‥‥. Father,everyone, not‥‥
Civilian: Nam customers!
Narm: Out! The Prince comes in and only return
Ledyn: Nam!
Narm: The Prince,soon!
Irzack: What are you doing reading! Not wasting a fight is sick!
Digos: What a hassle and what. Once squash let!
Ledyn: The enemy's main body started to move?!
Irzack: And it goth! The only differents is passed to the SWs!
Narm: Prince,please! More than this fight is dangerous! Early here!
Irzack: Some wet media!
Taylor: My name is Taylor! This step also pass!
Jessica: More than this, we will not.
Sirgalious: My power, look like it.
Zeld: Useless resistance is to be here already ... 
Narm: Prince!
Narm: Early here!
Irzack: The cell in a previous year. Unreasonable is for you!
Kossel: Okay. Still a young person who is not the.
Narm: The Prince,soon! Surrounded by enemies or not.
Kossel: You old tease is not it.
Sirgalious: Humph! This is different from imitating it!
Zeld: Ha ha ha classic!
Commander: The extent of this on my confront and have guts to you!
Commander: The! Back for!
Digos: Fool for! This to me blade toward the school.
Irzack: Lady by. Unharmed,and fled the city.
Volcov: Wounded too. Prince, I have to retreat it.
Civilian: Taylor Your! And the body is more than this battle can't do!
Taylor: Give it away, no! I still fight it! Off! Away from!
Jessica: Oh‥‥!
Civilian: Someone, Jessica your back to take you back!
Civilian: The priest we!
Kossel: Know how to treat a woman. So over the years some of the‥‥
Civilian: This is dangerous. He was please!
Kossel: And,you never would‥‥.
Sirgalious: This is a retirement and. Remember it by!
Zeld: And of it! Now to try it!
Commander: Indigo children, sorry‥‥.
Commander: Download Empire to glory!
Digos: Well I defeat you,differents to escape the now retired and would.⏎ The whole army retreated, the second attack get ready!⏎ It is,I'll meet you‥‥ha ha ha ha ha up!
Ledyn: This is repulsed, but also about a second wave might come.⏎ Hawking publicly to hurry reinforcements, gather the.
Narm: Lady-like,my safe place in the room.
Ledyn: However, the father of the thing I'm worried about.
Narm: The Prince sent after me to the castle back to the king to help them.
Ledyn: Ask each,Nam. My site is a bonus, collector's edition purchases count toward three stamps on your monthly game gather to make sure to come back!
Ledyn: Father‥‥
Volcov: Prince! Forward best!
Ledyn: Enemy? And the monk was like.
Chris: !?
Ledyn: The fear is that there is no. My name is media.⏎ Worth the cost and the journey to it
Chris: Sorry, a bit of‥‥.⏎ I click to see them and now have extremely been using these things.
Volcov: Be surprised of course.⏎ Around here directed by: many very dangerous from.
Chris: We are on a pilgrimage of the middle one.⏎ From this site to and was‥‥
Ledyn: So that's how it was. If you'd like I'll send.
Chris: I'm sorry. Bother go I‥‥
Ledyn: No more,Chris.⏎ We also Service to and was from.
Volcov: Prince. Earlier from the extraordinary every.
Ledyn: Directed by: I!
Ledyn: Chris, the town soon. Stretch out immediately!
Chris: Hi!
Ledyn: Good! Go!
Volcov: The! Behind directed by: catch up, come up!
Shika: Everyone killed a deer!
Ledyn: One of themselves they can't defend and is‥‥
Chris: Kyaa! The lady we had!
Ledyn: My power must die if such a thing‥‥.
Volcov: Is Chris away from such behavior immediately.
Ledyn: You know.
Domotov: Deer! Everyone killers. ぁぁぁぁ game. Hit Hit Hit Hit!
Sone: Hawking your town, near Hajj Mission has been attacked you!
Horking: What?! Hurry to help go!
Sone: Hello! Guys I am about this! Go!
Shout: Open up!
Ledyn: The town is in front of you! To stop you,run!
Chris: High,high!
Domotov: Deer! Everyone killers. ぁぁぁぁ game. Hit Hit Hit Hit!
Horking: Go,Thorne! They will help you!
Sone: Hello! Guys I am about this! Go!
Shout: Open up!
Sone: Hello!
Domotov: And miss you!
Ledyn: Here they are!
Chris: Kyaa! Lady-like!
Ledyn: Chris!
Sone: Return to avenge us all!
Volcov: My sword for that, such as 10 years or so!
Horking: Directed by: wipe out each other! These towns don't put!
Shika: Deer! Deer! Kill!!
Shika: Deer! Deer! Kill!!
Shika: Kill! Kill! My God your SO! Show up!
Shika: Kill! Kill! My God your SO! Show up!
Domotov: ・The Moto off strong! You, kill!
Shika: Kill! Kill! My God your SO! Show up!
Volcov: Such persons succumb to, and so I'm in the‥‥.
Sone: Was. You can ask for!
Horking: For an‥‥. Retreating still.
Shika: System System System‥‥good!
Shika: System System System‥‥good!
Shika: God and my body to the lens. Show up!
Shika: God and my body to the lens. Show up!
Domotov: Deer! Everyone killers. ぁぁぁぁ game. Hit Hit Hit Hit!
Domotov: These just a strong even now met we must kill!
Ledyn: Chris,okay?
Chris: Yeah, okay.
Horking: Prince? Reading the Prince is not!
Chris: Prince?
Ledyn: Hawking publicly!
Horking: Live contests are in no way endorsed, sponsored by, or associated with Google you. Heck, what's the matter?
Ledyn: In fact, the hotel Castle is a single, which struck him!
Horking: What and! In Balzac the King?
Ledyn: I do not know‥‥.⏎ So a bonus, collector's edition purchases count toward three stamps on your monthly game gather to help return must.
Horking: More than a minute. My soldiers let's collect.⏎ So, the Prince slowly closed down.
Ledyn: Hawking publicly, thanks.
Chris: Lady-like,tough!
Ledyn: Chris, this night on, how do you know?
Chris: Daytime directed by: in town! Now, the people of the town fought game.
Ledyn: Was! And from!⏎ Chris, you are the people of the town and the Church took refuge in it.
Chris: High,high!
Ledyn: Worth the cost! Out of each!
Volcov: The daytime later in the game. OK, Prince!
Ledyn: My power must die if‥‥.
Civilian: Up!
Shika: System cut! System cut! Sacrifice so for me??
Civilian: And! And for the better!
Shika: System cut! System cut! Sacrifice so for me??
Ledyn: My power must die if‥‥.
Shika: Show up!
Kairau: Every single one of them,God will see me!
Kairau: System cut! Nobody knows, but can't!⏎ Everyone not killed to!
Ledyn: Some of the odd, strange man is headed to?⏎ I if defeat these for a while,and going!
Kairau: This form is for! This I win that!
Domotov: Hit Hit Hit! Both from the scissors for!⏎ About the gold ones, away! To the United States!
Ledyn: Was! Not just for some!
Horking: Prince,here I leave other citizens to evacuate please.
Ledyn: Or not,Hawking publicly.
Civilian: Kyaa! Help!
Civilian: Buyers! Help! Strange people come!
Chris: Citizen of AM. Rushing to the Church to evacuate, please do!
Horking: No way, this town in the coming attack and is‥‥. The vacation was!
Ledyn: More than this and you! 1 person left from the town out!
Volcov: Amateur to! The competence difference between the notice so that in the battlefield and survive in it!
Horking: I am in the town of freedom is not to die!
Sone: Differents from this year!
Shika: System cut! System cut!
Shika: System cut! System cut!
Shika: System cut! System cut!
Shika: System cut! System cut!
Shika: System cut! System cut!
Shika: System cut! System cut!
Shika: Hit Hit Hit,Woman! Slut! Kill! Kill! Sacrifice only!
Shika: Hit Hit Hit,Woman! Slut! Kill! Kill! Sacrifice only!
Shika: Hit Hit Hit,Woman! Slut! Kill! Kill! Sacrifice only!
Shika: Hit Hit Hit,Woman! Slut! Kill! Kill! Sacrifice only!
Shika: Hit Hit Hit,Woman! Slut! Kill! Kill! Sacrifice only!
Shika: Hit Hit Hit,Woman! Slut! Kill! Kill! Sacrifice only!
Domotov: This time, we can not be defeated!
Kairau: This form is for the user!
Chris: Up!
Ledyn: Not good! Directed by: is this intrusion had!
Civilian: Up! Someone help post!
Civilian: Up! Someone help post!
Volcov: Check condition of seizure‥‥.
Sone: It was! And it was!
Ledyn: Retreat to survive. After I and!
Sone: You do not! Asked!
Chris: Up!
Ledyn: Chris, this is dangerous! Have course!
Horking: Out!
Ledyn: Hawking publicly! Okay?
Horking: Sorry, after care.
Shika: The game file!
Shika: The game file!
Shika: The game file!
Shika: The game file!
Shika: The game file!
Shika: The game file!
Domotov: Or and from! Also, just! Server!
Kairau: But,God! System,System back!
Ledyn: And drove away from the‥‥.
Civilian: Help I don't know what we would have done if you will.⏎ This necklace is to be used. Something for you.
Ledyn: Thank you.
Chris: Lady your.⏎ If we want to meet and see the facilities.
Narm: Prince‥‥.
Ledyn: Nam?! Nam I! Hotel Castle is what happened!
Narm: Castle‥‥Castle‥fell‥‥.
Ledyn: It's not! Father what happened to you!
Narm: At last I miss, and 1 person in the enemy towards it.
Ledyn: Father‥‥. Hawking publicly, I will be departing soon!
Horking: I soldiers gathered below for you.⏎ It is no wonder they die like.
Ledyn: More than a minute.
Narm: I will!
Ledyn: Injury is really OK?
Narm: This down, which we do not.
Ledyn: You know. However unreasonable you don't.
Chris: Been...... to me,reading your‥‥.
Ledyn: Chris‥‥.
Chris: Plays great on Android tablets and HD resolution mobile devices, and we pray for you.‥‥.
Narm: From it, and Zach King is this sword the Prince then passed on that‥‥.
Ledyn: Father‥‥.
Narm: Sorry‥‥.
Ledyn: No, Nam is not. It's like.
Ledyn: The whole army to put down! The more we Hotel towards!
Shout: And whoa!
Narm: If the Imperial Army to many more for The Evil Dead from the forest for something.
01: Nam became a fellow!
Non: ■
Ledyn: Here are the Evil Dead Woods‥‥. Pretty deep forest so.
Volcov: Prince,this forest is dangerous there and listen. Rushing out immediately.
Ledyn: I would just manually do something how it.
Narm: Great! Haunted is surrounded by over!
Volcov: What! They systematically move and are!
Ledyn: Coming! New reviews will be publicly linked to your Google + profile.
Ledyn: Your little hotel is just for⏎place like this in the death of‥‥
Narm: A normal attack you will damage it!
Ledyn: Troops dispersed without concentrating on fight yet!
Sone: These are fire weak! The whole army assault, at once if you have any questions, make sure you check out it!
Chris: Lady-like! Now,and I'll help you out.!
Ledyn: Chris! Why are you here?!
Sone: Going to fire you play it!
Civilian: Hello!
Chris: Lady-like! Gel is up to us please!
Ledyn: You, not Chris.
Ledyn: Why? This one from the intelligence or without it.
Narm: This is not creepy in the woods to die not I!
Volcov: Die know how to treat a woman.
Sone: Yeah it,it they for!
Chris: Skills, and feeling bad! We don't come in!
S: PUSYA‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
Volcov: Wounded too‥‥. Prince, I have to retreat it.
Narm: Maybe I shouldn't just. You have to ask!
Sone: I find their weak points to help you?
Chris: Kyaa! Clammy to! Feeling bad!!
Ledyn: Chris, it is you! After the leave behind!
Chris: High.
S: PUSYA‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
Narm: Haunted escape and started over!
Ledyn: With the help from the. But why haunted‥‥?
Sone: Lady-like,because the road was!
Ledyn: Ah...... Thank you, thanks much for your help.
Sone: I am the source and Creator.⏎ Hawking public life, by reading the customer under the command of to get into the industry.
Ledyn: It is the mind strong. Much to ask.
Chris: You‥‥⏎lady-like, I also play your battles and be subjected not?
Ledyn: Still,too risky!
Chris: It is a wish! Never feet hands and not from the‥‥
Ledyn: ‥‥Did. Chris, this from with to fight.
Chris: High,high!
Narm: Creatures all kill it.⏎ This hotel in the castle at once and defeated it!
Narm: Creatures all kill it.⏎ This hotel in the castle at once and defeated it!
Chris: Prince!
Sone: Lady-like,because the road was!
Sone: Hawking public life, by reading the customer under the command of to get into the industry.
Ledyn: It is the mind strong. Much to ask.
Chris: You‥‥⏎lady-like, I also play your battles and be subjected not?
Ledyn: Still,too risky!
Chris: It is a wish! Never feet hands and not from the‥‥
Ledyn: ‥‥Did. Chris, this from with to fight.
Chris: High,high!
01: Thorne became a fellow!
01: Chris became a fellow!
Ledyn: As in...... This hotel in the castle back, and the goth to defeat it.⏎ But the uphill battle was. Thorne and Chris, thanks really much for your help.
Sone: Of course, things were simple.⏎ Hawking public life, by reading the customer under the command of to get into the industry.
Ledyn: It is the mind strong. Much to ask.
Chris: You‥‥⏎lady-like, I also play your battles and be subjected not?
Ledyn: Still,too risky!
Chris: It is a wish! Never feet hands and not from the‥‥
Ledyn: ‥‥Did. Chris, this from with to fight.
Chris: High,high!
01: Thorne became a fellow!
01: Chris became a fellow!
Rias: The enemy is approaching you.
Rans: As in...... The whole army,lineup to hurry up!
Leticia: Hello!
Rans: The bulk of the remnants from. If you have any questions, make sure you check out that!
Volcov: Here to find out if your hotel Castle is the front of the eye.
Narm: However, the enemy also waiting for that.
Ledyn: But in this retreat I die. Guys, die more!
Chris: Hi!
Ledyn: Hotel Castle back before and every‥‥.
Rans: Ryan is right-wing.
Rans: Leticia is left wing to come and siege me!
Rias: Hi, captain!
Leticia: Hi!
Rans: Dispersing after the command is before us to leave. I am the enemy of the attitude to match!
Ledyn: The enemy commander to defeat yet! If you do so, enemies to each other!
Narm: Hi!
Rans: The‥‥. And fate put an end to and would.
Rans: Surprisingly disciplined troops only. Greedy pigs happily presents to you its brand-new Hallowmas edition.
Leticia: Can be as formidable enemies‥‥.
Rans: Hotel in the remnants of what is also pleasing.⏎ Battle this is!
Ledyn: Everyone,caught off guard as well.!
Volcov: Life instead also reading your hotel and bring him to you!
Rans: Live! You wonder how!
Rias: Know you,Captain!
Commander: We are losing someone who die for you!
Leticia: We have to win to even think of!
Commander: Differents resentment there is no this fate.⏎ Dead but!
Ledyn: This is as such.
Sone: Go!
Rans: I am the Black Knight, Lance・Cup user!⏎ Differents from what my enemy is not over!
Volcov: Skilled sword techniques and would.
Narm: Oh! Don't!
Chris: A little reading of your useful if.
Rias: So,feel like I am!
Rans: So when I! Is it,to live!⏎ Harm me and you!
Rias: Yes!
Leticia: Up!
Rans: Leticia! Unreasonable is you,is it!
Leticia: Still okay!
Rans: This is an order. No,Have I!
Leticia: Online your‥‥.
Chris: Great film,annoying to see.
Narm: Each location contains the following‥
Sone: Well! More than this fight is impossible?
Commander: Good 太刀筋 Still‥‥Game!
Commander: Download Empire well,forever!
Volcov: Download Empire also,this degree of power have units of.
Rans: But when I rout them to your‥‥⏎differents name you tell me.......... why.
Ledyn: I am reading. Hotel Prince!
Rans: This rent is,any return from them. Farewell!
Ledyn: Wait a minute!
Volcov: Prince! Dangerous!
Volcov: Out!
Ledyn: Worth the cost!
Sone: From‥‥poison arrows from?!⏎ Archer is still close to one! Hurry up! * 
Ledyn: Worth the cost,okay? I'll be at!
Volcov: I‥‥Prince,apparently I can like.
Ledyn: So,what do you say!
Volcov: Prince‥‥respectable king much.
Ledyn: Worth the cost! Wake up! Worth the cost!
Sone: This is the hotel in the castle!
Ledyn: Worth the cost‥‥have seen it.⏎ I'm sure your hotel in the castle back.
Narm: Prince‥‥.
Ledyn: More! Go, we continue to!
Celia: The enemy started to move!
Zeld: You and I can drop too.⏎ Fools to the B-cells and returns it!
Celia: Opinion on!
Zeld: This is not‥‥.⏎ Just‥‥game! Download,Download Empire to glory!
Ledyn: Their lived in the castle graveyard and the⏎fate and irony without‥‥
Chris: This is the lady in your life for a castle‥‥.⏎ Absolutely back I can.
Ledyn: Father,worth the cost‥‥our fight to looking.
Celia: Hotel in the remnants of what for! Ready!
Narm: The king and worth the cost for you,consider your let us know!
Ledyn: This castle is back up!
Chris: New!
Narm: More than this, you guys have done!
Sone: This can come recede instead of learn from!
Zeld: This please!⏎ Differents from the General field of your defeat of. Up!
Celia: Zero dollars to your finger touch, please don't!
Antonov: Life instead this is a pass!
Commander: Losing someone to die!
Commander: Assault!
Commander: Los Angeles child!
Commander: Dead in them!
Celia: Remember I come! This rent is always returned from the wow!
Narm: Out! This,come this far‥‥.
Civilian: Nam customers, and unreasonable. This is not a retraction, please!
Sone: Link source! Enemy from and to!
Chris: Up!
Ledyn: Like you Chris! There, that is.
Commander: Zero download your game.
Commander: Zero download your game.
Commander: Feel like I am!
Commander: Feel like I am!
Antonov: My lifetime regret is not‥‥.
Ledyn: Of the castle only to find it! The prisoners from those who are not out!
Taylor: Prince!
Ledyn: Taylor! I was from!
Taylor: You Only Live shame to have‥‥. I.
Ledyn: No, it's not that small.
Jessica: Lady your.
Ledyn: Jessica! It was good,I was.
S1: No ... none of that!⏎ The IS Emperor the artist to be deprived of money.
S2: Your sword is the one who has infinite power, giving⏎that the power of the ancient evil had sealed the other.
S3: Mighty too much power to be exploited so that,⏎secret sword as a hotel in the Royal Guard have‥‥.
Ledyn: Not and thing. However, the sword was taken away and that is‥‥.
Jessica: Evil of resurrection it is a matter of time.
Taylor: And the take returns,⏎again The Evil Containment is not a bad thing to you.
Narm: Indigo is this thing you know?
Jessica: I bet you have not.⏎ Know this, the death of the king and I'm the only one.
Taylor: One each.⏎ It's the most powerful sword from the but eyeing and some may not.
Chris: Well, someone else's hands before hand not hit‥‥.
Ledyn: ASAP download to Expedition you need to do so.
Ledyn: Father, see. The site is always back in the match.
Commander: Tough! Up to Bastion is a single army to attack that thing!
Ledyn: The enemy to preempt it! Immediately the angel of the Fort towards it.
01: Taylor became a fellow!
01: Jessica became a fellow!
Bernoulli: Yeah me! Still fall die from! Attack Strong way...... Crush it!
Civilian: Hello!
Albart: The enemies really only‥‥
Civilian: I want to buy a gun. The number of difference too! This will annihilate you!
Albart: To complain well! Always reinforcements come! It must be so!
Ledyn: Up FORTS, who guarded?
Narm: Albert of the Corps.
Taylor: Just,by holding.
Ledyn: By the enemy to kick it.
Bernoulli: So,I don't believe it! Off!
Rans: Tip! The attack is a failure. Pulling your hands!
Ledyn: You will not,Albert. I ahead and the‥‥
Albart: Click! This is really starting to tick me off!
Chris: Lady-like! Angel of the Fort fell‥‥.
Ledyn: And Albert‥‥.
Commander: Lots of water to invite for your game!⏎ On land to fight you! A disadvantage to it.
Bernoulli: Yeah I have!⏎ This small Fort with you,not hassle taking!⏎ I am a model, and that!
Jessica: From the Albert Hall, and it limits just.
Ledyn: Rush yet! Hurry up Albert to help me!
Civilian: Albert your! This more than not!
Albart: Well,there is nothing we can do about it. Down endurance race brought into it.
Rans: Reading! I think that is not each!
Ledyn: Class,mess!
Rans: It is not. The previous rent return from. Go!
Chris: Do not rush and Albert are a dangerous combination!
Albart: Falter not! Step even draw you! Reinforcements can come to bear yet!
Commander: Our cavalry charge,and with taste!!
Albart: Only the magic of true love's kiss can save her!! The Prince has come to help us each! Guys, a little bit of patience please!
Ledyn: Wait there,Albert! Sure help try not to!
Taylor: As a pirate name or not,this I tasted the power!
Narm: More than this, have we!
Sone: Still death was from obediently that which no longer!
Rias: Get away from me!
Commander: Death to life!
Rans: Prepared so much.‥‥.
Commander: Now, I'm prepared!
Ledyn: Wait there,Albert! Now,with the help go!
Commander: Not all!
Bernoulli: It was! I'm losing the SWs!
Albart: Still! Still not losing is not!
Jessica: It does not allow!
Commander: This lippy!
Nervii: Kick them when I beat something! If you do,you know!
Ledyn: Mess!
Chris: Don't!
Rans: Team up! Also differents from defeat!
Rias: So!
Rans: You are still you,have I!
Rias: Yes.
Leticia: I,also‥‥!
Narm: Up!
Civilian: Nam customers,please, please!
Sone: It was! Arm and it was! After you leave!
Chris: Kyaa!
Taylor: We! This degree of the enemy defeated, which is not only Hey.
Jessica: Oh!
Commander: Rather,regrets‥‥
Commander: World file!
Commander: Off!
Commander: Download Empire well,forever!
Nervii: This house is‥‥
Ledyn: Albert! Albert is from!
Albart: Here will be the Prince.⏎ Come do.⏎ Survived so we were able to‥‥.
Ledyn: All right? Slow to die.
Albart: This,it's no big deal.⏎ And by the way, the Balzac your‥‥?
Ledyn: Father is‥‥Hotel in Castle fight‥‥
Albart: So‥‥go! The Empire of those who for‥‥!
Ledyn: Albert.⏎ I was taken away from the game to get back⏎this Empire and going to fight. About come from?
Albart: Of course you can.⏎ It is the Fort adjutant to leave,my Prince and we will.⏎ The Balzac of our regrets,along with clear, you don't have to worry about it anymore!
Ledyn: Oh, help.
Jessica: Prince,Guardians of the Herald, according⏎retreating enemy troops found in......
Taylor: After the pack of troops.⏎ Advance team to attack failed, from⏎that no one from as I would like.
Ledyn: Miss is not. Well, this will chase you.
01: Albert became a fellow!
Chris: Great film,captured by the enemy urged.
Albart: You away deep into the forest fled and troublesome.⏎ Hurry up Chase immediately.
Ledyn: More. The enemy commander and back!⏎ Siege and crush. I know! Everyone go!
Zalduff: Bernoulli guy,your degree of Fort with 1 drop and no!⏎ Thanks we match even without the withdrawal only.
Commander: Tough! Enemies chase of the Corps is close to you.
Zalduff: One of each! This place was caught from the completely destroyed.⏎ No. 3, No. 4 Commando rear guard as the main force of the retreat to support the game.
Commander: Hello!
Zalduff: A main force to retreat to prepare for hurry. Ready to retreat!
Narm: The movements of the enemy is, and rush there.
Taylor: Link source! That was from!
Zalduff: Download‥‥medal Empire‥‥‥‥hurrah!
Ledyn: Continue pass‥‥. Everyone, not‥‥
Zalduff: We have the blade toward the stupidity I know! Wahaha ha ha!
Ledyn: Continue pass‥‥. Everyone, not‥‥
Zalduff: We have the blade toward the stupidity I know! Wahaha ha ha!
Rans: Apparently differents from the fate of this ourselves.
Ledyn: Online for‥‥far would‥‥.
Zalduff: Wahaha ha ha game.⏎ This more than follow a waste! Honestly for that day.
Ledyn: Was! And they missed some‥‥.
Rans: Apparently the escape was not. However, we also withdraw it!
Rans: Media. Now I win like. Farewell!
Ledyn: Online order,now can‥‥.
Zalduff: The whole army retreat by!
Ledyn: The enemy is in the Northwest woods to escape to! Escape, and behind.
Rans: Ally the withdrawal of support of course!
Rias: We support you! Now out of so quickly!
Zalduff: Oh thank goodness for that! Everyone,the forest is so soon! Go for it!
Jessica: The enemy reinforcements appeared!
Ledyn: The glass?! One more,to break through!
Ledyn: Hurry up,and flee it.⏎ Our retreat cut off yet!
Zalduff: So good! What fled all!
Zalduff: So there's only a little bit of time left! For the IT to shore if you run away, each with their own upgrade paths-upgrade all the things!⏎ The whole army,not to miss!
Shout: Oh!
Ledyn: Not good! On the opposite shore to them, and pass them to you! Back, each with their own upgrade paths-upgrade all the things!
Rans: More than this, and they want that!⏎ Go,live! Leticia!
Rias: Hi, captain!
Leticia: Hi!
Ledyn: Escape from!
Narm: Click! And to me!
Sone: My sword for that cheeky!
Chris: Up!
Taylor: Escape is not it.
Jessica: This get away from me you can not!
Albart: These woods do not! Haste naturally.
Zalduff: This They to! Return nothing to it!
Commander: This lippy!
Commander: Just get some! A place like this and from!
Rans: The! The movement is slow!
Rias: I won't lose to this!!
Leticia: Like last time is not over!
Rans: Team up!
Rias: Out! Feet‥‥.
Rans: Is it,to live!
Leticia: I,also‥‥!
Rans: Leticia,reduced!
Albart: Caught off guard, but‥‥.
Rans: Well! Horse to and from!
Narm: Prince! After you ask!
Sone: It was! The weapon is from us to you. After you leave!
Chris: Catch!
Taylor: Humph! This my defeat and me!
Jessica: I can. While many will retreat!
Commander: ‥‥Game!
Commander: By the why!! Off!
Commander: Group gear!
Commander: Nude anime photo form!
Rans: Wiped out from‥‥ladies, and remember me!⏎ One differents is a time not!
Chris: Finished my‥‥
Ledyn: It well. This is a little bit of the Empire forces also cut would.
Albart: Prince.⏎ Hotel in a castle from a single invasion is ready and will contact you.
Ledyn: And.......... why. If once to the castle and return,the whole army to more than double to and invasion be!
Ledyn: ‥‥Indigo for,prepare to die, you gnats! Always down to try not to!
Ledyn: Empire bridge dropped from‥‥. Addition to the pass where it is not?
Jessica: The other place here than the current, for⏎this is a rig I would. In front of the place pass by from.
Taylor: Easy to say the least.⏎ On the opposite Bank, the enemy is the defense team pull off just why.
Ledyn: But in this place the other bet not even‥‥.⏎ It can be a time-consuming endeavor, not to mention all the wicked are resurrected as. Payment to each!
Ledyn: Click‥‥. This‥‥
Sone: The enemy on the night of laughter.
Narm: The water fight is quite a disadvantage here.
Galves: The enemy has begun to move from. As expected, this payment going to you!
Scaldis: Can you fight them!
Celia: The river is just absolutely pass do you not!
In: GYAGIIII!
In: GYOGYOOO!
Ledyn: What do you find product?! They mate with?
Celia: Everything just!
Galves: What! Why this is this kind of place!
Celia: Out how!⏎ Hotel guy with a crush and I!
Albart: Some of the creatures of the land and not let.
Ledyn: The way that many of the troops to keep it going.
Ledyn: Online?!
Rans: Off, this is my only media.⏎ I only hunt in the middle of a differents to meet with you.
Ledyn: Click! When I do not need it!
Celia: Is the relief come to you! Chance. Go on the offensive to!
Commander: I understand!
Scaldis: Back for! This battlefield I win and I have!
Celia: Bezel for your‥‥. For you,this is not necessarily reviewed by game.
Rans: Reading! Now,purple is a richly-textured, powerful film set in America's rural South!
Ledyn: I hope so!
Ledyn: Roll with it! Run,through you!
Narm: They are!
Sone: The?!
Chris: Jesus!
Taylor: I power it'll show!
Jessica: My power is such as to painful on the eyes you have!
Albart: The meaner it is through them!
Rans: Ever rent,and to have you back! From it!
Celia: Now, the like before not know.
Celia: Losing even a part of.
Galves: If you have any questions, make sure you check out that!
Scaldis: Playfully, take it easy!
Commander: Out!
Rans: It is the degree of I win I think not!
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
Narm: Up!
Sone: It was! This is really starting to tick me off!
Chris: Catch up!
Taylor: Tip! Caught off guard I was!
Jessica: I did not go down.
Albart: And that‥‥.
Galves: So,I don't believe it‥‥. Right away I am!
Scaldis: Access,set up your‥‥
Commander: Gear up!
Commander: Well,strapped up!
Rans: Well! My power is my beat book of it?!
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
Celia: Bezel for your‥‥now,and it will‥‥.
Ledyn: Apparently all kill you.
Sone: However, some of the creatures, and what not?
Taylor: At least my mates not so well.⏎ Of course, I have mates in there.
Narm: From the evil power?!
Jessica: Perhaps, it would.
Chris: As you know, we only have the team eyeing‥‥.
Ledyn: So. Well, ahead hurry up!
Rans: Team up! Escape from from. Creatures such as Ignore of course! They follow each!
Ledyn: Apparently out so.
Narm: Also,some of the creatures what are they?
Taylor: At least my mates not so well.
Narm: From the evil power?!
Jessica: Perhaps, it would.
Chris: But,only we THE to aim?!
Ledyn: So. Well, ahead hurry up!
Taylor: On the steel wall Bastion, keep your‥‥.
Jessica: Prince.⏎ More than this the battle is protracted, the enemy reinforcements arrive and all.
Ledyn: Would not. This is somewhat pushy, even aggressive to you.
Taylor: It's just flashy to it
Ledyn: Oh! This by the final attack from. This is the end game.
Kirchner: The artist and your dead, and that‥‥game!
Ledyn: At Diamond Castle and place‥‥
Kirchner: Impregnable and for that of Val Castle, and is,⏎and not think on you. Up!
Commander: The enemy attack resumed!
Kirchner: Humph! Thinker there without also came from.
Commander: And every time, you're wasting your things to say to plenty tell you!
Albart: Apparently the enemy has reinforcements waiting in......
Ledyn: Be careful fighting you just.
Sone: No, don't you?!
Chris: Lady your enemy, of reinforcements can!
Ledyn: Panic not! Enemy commander defeated the old.
Barents: They crush it!
Civilian: Reinforcements only! Reinforcements are coming!
Kirchner: And,wait and each. As a counterattack move on!
Distin: Your hotel guys to get carried away and be enchanted!
Ledyn: Enemy reinforcements come to the castle before dropping it.
Kirchner: What do you want from me!? Reinforcements still come to die on?
Commander: Eyes things to me.
Commander: Blood festival to all!
Albart: This!
Taylor: How to be!
Jessica: No interruptions when you don't want them!
Ledyn: PC.
Narm: She was sweet not to look good!
Sone: Mess!
Kirchner: This castle to the differents of freedom is not!
Commander: Of service to all!
Commander: Well this came. However, this still!
Commander: Die!
Commander: Differents from the March here at all.
Commander: Die!
Distin: Disk data of your street! As well only I was!
Barents: Daredevil ' em for! Trampling all!
Narm: Don't!
Sone: It was! Shoulders and! Then ask each!
Chris: Kyaa!
Taylor: It was! And to me!
Jessica: Oh, the fight is not over!
Albart: This‥‥.
Commander: Feel like I am!
Commander: Feel like I am!
Commander: Now Society got something or not!
Commander: Was! The game file!
Civilian: First, the gate topped it!
Commander: I was abandoned by God so‥‥.
Barents: I've‥‥blunder!
Distin: Well and there was not! Remember me!
Narm: The remaining soldiers fled as well.
Ledyn: Leave the Don would.
Chris: Lady-like! Want to meet and see you.
Horking: Live contests are in no way endorsed, sponsored by, or associated with Google, the Prince.
Ledyn: Hawking publicly!
Horking: I together let's fight. My feet, hands and in...... or not?
Ledyn: It's not,and help.
Horking: By download single Castle cheats front of you or not.
Ledyn: Yeah. Ready soon depart.
Narm: Prince! Of departure, ready!
Ledyn: Well, this once to a single Castle and defeated each!
01: Hawking became a fellow!
Narm: The remaining soldiers fled as well.
Albart: Silly‥‥.
Horking: Come to think of it,I just like this ones found in......
Jessica: It is hard to know. Useful from the day
Sone: This is the Emperor, body of Castle, twin Castle!
Horking: Perhaps the artist is this on top of the castle should be.
Ledyn: And, aim is the Emperor Di goth for 1 person!⏎ 雑兵 are like,continued!
Sirgalious: There is a lady and not mind it?⏎ We left the castle fall, when⏎abandon their comrades 1 who ran away a coward was not? Cook up‥‥.
Jessica: ‥‥Prince,the man forgive are we not.⏎ I would tell you!
Sirgalious: Fool for! Cook up‥‥.
Ledyn: Indigo and before you fight them and they will break from‥‥
Sirgalious: I picked up a piece of bread to after I have dipped for?⏎ If,now, the breath of the roots to stop it!
Rans: Tip! Late had!⏎ Media, for more than this or not. This Color Purple is a richly-textured, powerful film set in America's rural and to!
In: KISYAAAA!
In: KISYAAAA!
Ledyn: ?! Also creatures appeared from!
Rans: Back?! Haunted flock to this castle to the coming attack, etc!
Ledyn: Online! This abnormal something!
Rans: It and!⏎ Differents is that you kill them and then slowly cooking and that. Waiting for me!
Ledyn: This is as such.
Narm: How can I have the artist and just go from WOW!
Sone: This can come recede instead of learn from!
Chris: New!
Taylor: You bastard!
Jessica: Heartily,fight ask.
Albart: They are!
Horking: Go!
Distin: This is everyone through why I don't!
Commander: Magic power: I don't give up.
Commander: Burn, burn!
Barents: This toll is a high one each!
Rans: Differents such as of my enemy is not! Die!
Sirgalious: Differents when this my to win something!
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
Narm: Well!
Sone: It was! Then ask each!
Chris: Kyaa!
Taylor: Our was just! So they lose to that?!
Jessica: It more than fight not. Be there!
Albart: To!
Horking: A place like this and it is a miserable‥‥.
Distin: Indigo children! And help game. Off!
Commander: Oh‥‥sky high‥‥.
Sirgalious: Well,there is nothing we can do about it.⏎ On it,your hotel in Kozo the most!
Commander: Gear up!
Barents: The only hotel in Switzerland. My team still‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
Rans: Team up!
Ledyn: Online,from this draw! That wound in the fight, sure!
Rans: To me mercy and how!
Ledyn: Useless fights that I'm not.⏎ We are Indigo business to defeat the back for me!
Rans: Differents Majesty, to my in the night.....
S1: Win no.⏎ The to and it,peace can not.
S2: The sound is incredible for⏎each in the monsters who Rampage is right.
Rans: ‥‥. Believe it or not.
Rias: Captain! Stay safe in it?! Here! Early!
Rans: ‥‥.
Leticia: Captain!
S1: I remember, and. Power without peace is what the die.⏎ And the that the power!
S2: Majesty war in order to fit the power wanted.⏎ Majesty for the cause was just.⏎ Never Christmas trees such as negative or unexpected! If you still!
Ledyn: Online‥‥
01: Into the sky fly in the sky a strange object there.⏎ If you watch long enough something fell down.
Sirgalious: Also,by. Flee, the cowards for!
Ledyn: Top floor Gorgeous is that! The to back!
Narm: By Indigo and decisive battle when the time comes for you.
Taylor: Worth the the the buttocks for⏎he died for many of our colleagues for losing someone like you.
Jessica: Come on, hurry up let's go!
Chris: Reading the customer at the entrance, there are 2!!
Ledyn: As in...... Second-hand another video of that on the top floor, the Assault game.
Rans: Also,by. Flee, the cowards for!
Ledyn: And before the clowns is carryover only.⏎ Now what is than the first material.
S1: It is not.⏎ I for the Emperor‥‥life dissipate can as well,⏎and before any more progress or not!
S2: His Majesty is the diamond of Hope‥‥World Peace to lead the King!⏎ Differents killed not come!
Ledyn: Online‥‥⏎if you like Indigo is our hotel violated,⏎the robbed!
Rans: All the power for peace! Power without peace is what the die!
Ledyn: The is only the power of the not!⏎ Wicked to seal for you!⏎ It is incredible, for the Demons are on the rampage right.
Rans: Not yet‥‥
Ledyn: Wake up!⏎ For peace and say, they disturb the peace that⏎why not notice!
Rans: It is, I‥‥for what‥‥.⏎ Majesty we deceive had‥‥?
Ledyn: That through it, the............ and We proceed directly.
S1: ‥‥Made,but it's not I also take.⏎ And the previous story is true,the data is returned it.
S2: But your Majesty is this down to the required figure.⏎ We to kill not.
Ledyn: Body of desire is really the peace of the world from‥‥settlement of the road would be there.
Rans: The word‥‥don't forget!
01: France became a fellow!
Chris: This is the‥‥?
Lythrum: Differents from your hotel in Kozo, such as‥‥.
Ledyn: Indigo is everywhere!
Lythrum: I'm not. Differents from Lagos to attend or not.⏎ Why not differents from life to end up here from you!
Taylor: 笑止! Received stand why!
Ledyn: My power, this is the limit of such‥‥
Digos: Hotel kids even came from.⏎ Games plenty of fun and.......... why.
Ledyn: Video goth, waiting for me! I'm going to give you a basting you'll never forget!
Digos: After all,differents from power in me to defeat things such as you can do so.⏎ The ハ ハ ハ ハ‥‥.
Jessica: The artist is evil, and who atone will happen!
Narm: Title Zack King and worth of harm, you agree to not have them around!
Sone: My sword for that cheeky!
Taylor: Out Hey I!
Jessica: Details of areas throughout the you.
Albart: Come this far to lose now there won't!
Horking: They are!
Commander: And from Die!
Commander: Differents are here to die!
Commander: Differents are here to die!
Sirgalious: Now, Mercy is not each!
Ledyn: Well! This guy for!
Asam: The disciples of you,avenge for them!
Commander: Die!
Digos: To come here is to do things for and to each. The only differents from this I fell Love!
Chris: !
Lythrum: Beat from beat, enjoy!
Narm: Up!
Civilian: Nam customers,please, please!
Sone: It was! Arm and it was! After you leave!
Chris: Kyaa!
Taylor: We! This degree of the enemy defeated, which is not only Hey.
Jessica: Oh!
Albart: Click! This is really starting to tick me off!
Horking: Good!
Commander: Download Empire to glory!
Commander: More than this and well all that they do! This more than‥‥soon,ugh!
Lythrum: Back‥‥,this I‥‥I knew!
Ledyn: Indigo is this back please!⏎ Video goth! The site is back up!
Digos: So,your hotel key from.
Ledyn: And you yourself Did What know!
Digos: The! It and the! The power that justice only. The power who dominates the world of you!
Ledyn: Such an idea is evil and the world, to ruin, to guide me!
Digos: Like Dude! Differents we are killed, if the world is ours and!
Sirgalious: If at the time of the servant boy chasing kill said‥‥.⏎ Indigo child,must avenge been‥‥
Asam: Now,not only go by‥‥. Waiting‥‥.
Commander: The‥‥This is‥‥world!
Commander: The‥‥This is‥‥world!
Digos: Apparently, I'm losing them.⏎ But,into the world of war and bring back peace to power.⏎ By force uniform, other than not.
Narm: By force of the unification what is the meaning of that!⏎ This battle was of old, evil and was not just.
Digos: I made. Power if there is an evil which enclosed that.
Digos: How can I say, after all, even a kick from me, the same as well.⏎ By the power rule‥‥
Ledyn: We have the power to drown your Conqueror is not. Absolutely‥‥.
Digos: Still! By force,rule‥‥force that あ あ あ あ!
Rans: I!? Majesty from the black mist‥‥it is heck not!?
Digos: Just like‥‥あ あ あ あ あ あ あ!!‥‥.
Rans: Majesty‥‥?
Digos: Hotel,Kozo‥‥no, the lady was from.⏎ What was that‥‥. How can I look for?
Ledyn: Black mist,something wicked from your body out looked like.
Jessica: The darkness of the force.⏎ Perhaps,you are of darkness who control it now.
Digos: I am in the darkness, controlling them and would‥‥.
Rans: Your Majesty, okay?!
Digos: Plus,you don't have to worry about him.⏎ Only to find that the only strength is left.
Rans: Only for‥‥?
Digos: We of the Empire defeat you. This neck had good.
Rans: Your Majesty! What says!
S1: The world of war to cure for power.⏎ The power of I was not enough for losing.
S2: Controlling them like What Would it is unchanging.⏎ And I Empire, as the king of the defeat of the responsible.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty‥‥
Digos: Now, my neck to take it.
S1: ‥‥Majesty, I is the Empire to destroy it and do not want to.
S2: The evil seal, in order⏎the returns had only.⏎ Back, please?
Digos: The from. Your sword is a new App Store as well.⏎ Prevailed before us,do as you like..
Rans: New listing‥‥and who, Your Majesty?
Digos: Nico link only. My arm is a vassal of the‥‥No, no, no‥‥⏎such person to the SS captain to leave at the same time even did not‥‥.⏎ No way! I love me a dark person!
Jessica: Perhaps the memory of them now.
Digos: Well! I search for! Nico and his owner!⏎ It and I had of the also just!
Digos: The from. Your sword from the new list manually for you.⏎ Now there are plenty!!
Ledyn: I!?
Sirgalious: Here you, Your Majesty.⏎ Your chest pierced by.⏎ The so‥‥Room.
Rans: Gully mouse! Differents‥‥Majesty was!
Nicollis: Well,server・guide download. Go.
Sirgalious: Okay. New list your.
Rans: Your Majesty! Your Majesty! But please!
Ledyn: I mean,that‥‥.
Narm: This town is just a stone statue there for?
Ledyn: But something ghastly to countenance it would‥‥.
Sone: ?! From the left and right something's coming!
Jessica: Up! It is a Basilisk!⏎ But keep an eye out for it! These bites can be,rock on will!
Albart: What?! This stone is a stone created a human can!
Horking: Can we also have the stone ready to be used.
Ledyn: Something petrified to break even even better would‥‥.
Ledyn: This is not only with you lose some‥‥
Ledyn: This mirror‥‥? Grip! The light was!
Sone: This mirror‥‥? Grip! The light was!
Albart: This mirror‥‥? Grip! The light was!
Horking: This mirror‥‥? Grip! The light was!
Narm: This mirror is integrally‥‥? Mirror‥‥Mirror is glowing?!
Taylor: This mirror‥‥? Grip! The light was!
Chris: This mirror is integrally‥‥? Mirror‥‥Mirror is glowing?!
Jessica: This mirror is integrally‥‥? Mirror‥‥Mirror is glowing?!
Jessica: Are creatures who operate from.
Civilian: The body, the body is moving around!
Rans: The petrified souls of it?! The whole army assault! Lizards most chirase kick!
Ledyn: Online! Why are you doing here!
Rans: The story is as well! First, you lizard bastard and kill it.
Ledyn: Found. Everyone go!
Narm: From eh!
Taylor: This is going for! You and it!
Ledyn: These guys kill it!
Chris: Not a stone so be careful!
Jessica: Escape is not!
Sone: The app though is buggy.
Rans: Well,this is me! Forgive me!
Horking: PC.
Albart: Not!
Undead: GU‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
M: GUGAAAA‥‥
M: GUGAAAA‥‥
Narm: To fight think. You have to ask!
Jessica: I can. I will go down.
Sone: It was! Feet and it was! After you leave!
Albart: Caught off guard, but‥‥
Horking: Like I‥‥. After you ask!
Taylor: Not retreating! I!
Civilian: Up!
Ledyn: Chris, okay?!
Chris: Hi! While down there!
Ledyn: Class,okay?!
Rans: I!
Ledyn: After we let it!
Undead: GU‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
M: GUGAAAA‥‥
M: GUGAAAA‥‥
Ledyn: And defeat the.‥‥.⏎ Plus,as promised to explain the situation, please?
S1: Download from and fled after going to be chased by,⏎caught here was.
S2: Recently, going to be the power steadily increased.⏎ This was the place that the damage is coming out from the die.
Ledyn: ‥‥Them all,⏎line at the top of the seal is solved, and evil awakened from.
S1: It is the sword of evil had sealed the talk, but apparently the real thing ourselves.
S2: In this case, I also cooperate more. However‥‥to beat ' em yet!⏎ Differents and settled, then make sure to take them out.
Ledyn: It each other and want to live if you know what I mean.
Rans: File,of it. Die by the media.
Ledyn: French the.
01: France became a fellow!
Ledyn: And defeat the.‥‥.
Civilian: The body, the body is moving around!
Rans: The petrified souls of it?!
Ledyn: Online! Why are you doing here!
S1: Download from and fled after going to be chased by,⏎caught here was.
S2: Recently, going to be the power steadily increased.⏎ This was the place that the damage is coming out from the die.
Ledyn: ‥‥Them all,⏎line at the top of the seal is solved, and evil awakened from.
S1: It is the sword of evil had sealed the talk, but apparently the real thing ourselves.
S2: In this case only. I also cooperate more. However to beat ' em yet.⏎ Differents and settled, then make sure to take them out.
Ledyn: It each other and want to live if you know what I mean.
Rans: File,of it. Die by the media.
Ledyn: French the.
01: France became a fellow!
Civilian: Up! Help!
Luchiward: Citizens is a town in the middle of the evacuation of! Going to town to get it!
Narm: The Prince,on TV. The town is werewolves be attacked by hordes of Game.
Civilian: The Prince,on TV. The town is werewolves be attacked by hordes of Game.
Ledyn: Not to?! Immediately go to help each other!
Nagya: The human, human, human, human features‥‥⏎it's not always possible, the hotel Prince‥‥.
Ledyn: Light wife doth make a heavy husband!
Nagya: And it was late, but.⏎ I'm a Gal and my name is. After that, K thanks, you can‥‥
Ledyn: What good is it, how to invite them!
Nagya: It is,you can not.⏎ They are our Holy sacrifice to God and to them.
Ledyn: Download‥‥. This is the people of the town‥‥
Civilian: Up!
Civilian: Up!
Ledyn: No,what the hell?! Citizens were wiped out from‥‥.⏎ My power must die if‥‥
Nagya: The human, human, human, human features‥‥. People of the town killed and more!
In: GARUUU!
In: GARUUU!
Ledyn: It was! Your kind of place too!
Ledyn: Everyone hurry up! The town's people's safety top priority, that is.
Taylor: Note!
Rans: This is the of No, my country is my results from‥‥.⏎ What to do if and again, with the evil seal they die.
Civilian: Up! Help!
Luchiward: Citizens is a town in the middle of the evacuation of! Going to town to get it!
Rans: Differents from this and still go to die!
Ledyn: More than this, and not each!
Chris: Hurry up guys to me.
Albart: Before us is a time not!
Sone: And as for you!
Horking: This haunted for!
Taylor: The original was copied and!
Nagya: Our God Of Wonders,let me tell.
Achisell: What animal is dead. This one is bottomless it?!
Civilian: Up! Help!
Civilian: Up! Help!
Luchiward: Well!
Narm: Catch!
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
S1: Unfortunately today this variety.⏎ But the Prince of darkness,volume of diesel we had now⏎you guys will stand no chance.
S2: It is also one you'll see. The luminosity of the descendants of the people.
Taylor: Well, the vacation!
Jessica: Well!
Luchiward: This,this is what‥‥hotel people‥‥,‥‥after‥‥ask‥‥
Narm: Just not know‥‥
Sone: It was! To and from! After you leave!
Rans: Team up! My arm even fell still‥‥
Civilian: Nam customers! Okay?!
Narm: I will have the allowance to know. Until then please!
Achisell: My luck is that I‥‥.
Chris: Kyaa!
Albart: It was!
Horking: Not! This‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Ledyn: All of the survivors rescued by it!
Achisell: You thanks for the help.
Civilian: Thank you so much.⏎ Thanks everyone help, and more.
Ledyn: And,the extent of the big things there is no.
Luchiward: Reading the Prince of this town to help treasure and pass immediately.
Ledyn: Thank you. Used carefully ask.
Chris: Even lady-like. Body and is to communicate?
Ledyn: Break. Jessica know it?
Jessica: One,⏎of chaos power to revive a man who tried to the name of the keyboard bezel as in......⏎ The Prince of darkness, called from is probably the same person just.
Ledyn: Apparently the evil had awakened certainly work.⏎ From this battle,he that‥‥.
Rans: ‥‥Inner Gap some‥‥.
Ledyn: What's the matter, Lance?
Rans: And‥‥nothing.
Ledyn: All of the survivors rescued by it!
Civilian: Thank you so much.⏎ Thanks everyone help, and more.
Civilian: What Thank think of,in this town there is nothing.
Ledyn: And. That feeling only to be convenient.
Chris: Even lady-like. Body and is to communicate?
Ledyn: Break. Jessica know it?
Jessica: One,⏎of chaos power to revive a man who tried to the name of the keyboard bezel as in......⏎ The Prince of darkness, called from is probably the same person just.
Ledyn: Apparently the evil had awakened certainly work.⏎ From this battle,he that‥‥.
Rans: ‥‥Inner Gap some‥‥.
Ledyn: What's the matter, Lance?
Rans: And‥‥nothing.
In: GYSYAAAA!
Lesus: The Prince,on TV. A huge dragon down the game.
Ledyn: Out of town greeted avenge it. Citizens to evacuate, Of course! Rush yet!
Rans: However, we only have the Dragon and the Cross is very dangerous, you see.
Kossel: Lady your.
Ledyn: A priest of something?
Kossel: This town North of the mountains is a mighty force with the flame of spirits that sleep please!⏎ Its power from the dragon, to compete on equal terms with‥‥.
Ledyn: Oh, by the way‥‥
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
Ledyn: We are,and things that stop you from!
Kossel: Apparently, I also greet came like‥‥
Civilian: Up! Someone help post!
Chris: Town,town burn some‥‥
Ledyn: No,what the hell?! Citizens were wiped out from‥‥.⏎ My power must die if‥‥
Nagya: The human, human, human, human features‥‥town and burn and kill as you please.
In: GYSYAAAA!
Nagya: Twice this humiliate me that is. Remember it!
Ledyn: The spirits, the flame of the spirit more! Please,help!
Ifrito: Who call me who is?
Ledyn: I hotel Prince,reading.⏎ Now,the town is attacked by dragons that. Whether power!
Ifrito: Hotel‥‥?⏎ So you, lead the Scion of some‥‥. And,and let.
Ledyn: What the Dragon town go to! Stave off yet!
Narm: Oh! Fire giants work!
Civilian: Oh! Fire giants work!
In: GYSYAAAA!
Ifrito: Will you come and see. And before our opponent is I Accept like.
Chris: I, too, do so.
Lesus: Town to and from!
Narm: They are! Haunted for!
Jessica: More than this, he wanted to not know.
Rans: You want to get home alive, it seems to be here already ... 
Ifrito: Ashes is good!
Taylor: Now enjoy and why!
Horking: PC.
Albart: Death to life!
Sone: So there I was!
In: GARUUU!
Lesus: It was! Surrounded by some!
Kossel: This the party for you!
Civilian: Kyaa! The Demon is!!
Ledyn: To lose something!
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
M: BWOOON‥‥
M: BWOOON‥‥
Narm: The hands of a strong opponent so I‥‥.
Rans: This I ungracefully to lose is the‥‥
Sone: It was! After you leave!
Chris: Catch!
Albart: Well!
Taylor: More than this is impossible‥‥. If I have to be!
Jessica: Oh‥‥
Lesus: Rather,regrets‥‥.
Ifrito: My power also. The spirit world to return they‥‥.
Horking: Not!
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
M: BWOOON‥‥
M: BWOOON‥‥
Chris: The dragon can take!
Ledyn: Weak now out of the chase to me! One nail in the coffin yet!
Sone: It is!
Ledyn: However, the original gap will appear that‥‥.⏎ But, until now monsters have a guy thats had it?
Albart: Perhaps, so.⏎ Originally, if the demon collective is attacking people not the thing.
Ledyn: This is also the evil force of of.⏎ Where Jessica is the lead of the things to know?
Jessica: In the past,hotel in the Kingdom and called by the name of welcome............
Ledyn: That would‥‥.
Kossel: Prince. These have been sent down.
01: The Dragon is the coastline and broke through!
01: It was! We are,and stop can you?!
Ledyn: The dragon, for a place like this to escape into the‥‥.
Chris: Eerily Cave Spring‥‥.
Sone: Perhaps, I nest something in it. Be careful and let's move on.
Ledyn: Way to go!
Ledyn: And we just beat the dragon thing unreasonable of you?!
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
S1: Tragic‥‥. On the Dragon and it‥‥.
S2: The! This is the dragon Slayer!⏎ Brave‥‥. Your will this my over your.⏎ And be sure to defeat the dragon, only no one can see you.
01: Dragon Slayer found.
S1: Tragic‥‥. On the Dragon and it‥‥.
S2: The! This is the dragon Slayer!⏎ Brave‥‥. Your will this my over your.⏎ And be sure to defeat the dragon, only no one can see you.
01: Dragon Slayer found.
S1: Tragic‥‥. On the Dragon and it‥‥.
S2: The! This is the dragon Slayer!⏎ Brave‥‥. Your will this my over your.⏎ And be sure to defeat the dragon, only no one can see you.
01: Dragon Slayer found.
S1: Tragic‥‥. On the Dragon and it‥‥.
S2: The! This is the dragon Slayer!⏎ Brave‥‥. Your will this my over your.⏎ And be sure to defeat the dragon, only no one can see you.
01: Dragon Slayer found.
S1: Tragic‥‥. On the Dragon and it‥‥.
S2: The! This is the dragon Slayer!⏎ Brave‥‥. Your will this my over your.⏎ And be sure to defeat the dragon, only no one can see you.
01: Dragon Slayer found.
S1: Tragic‥‥. On the Dragon and it‥‥.
S2: The! This is the dragon Slayer!⏎ Brave‥‥. Your will this my over your.⏎ And be sure to defeat the dragon, only no one can see you.
01: Dragon Slayer found.
S1: Terrible‥‥dragon, and I‥‥.
S2: !? This is the dragon Slayer!⏎ Brave‥‥. Your will, I will take over.⏎ And one of the Dragons to defeat the rest.
01: Dragon Slayer found.
S1: Terrible‥‥dragon, and I‥‥.
S2: !? This is the dragon Slayer!⏎ Brave‥‥. Your will, I will take over.⏎ And one of the Dragons to defeat the rest.
01: Dragon Slayer found.
S1: Terrible‥‥dragon, and I‥‥.
S2: !? This is the dragon Slayer!⏎ Brave‥‥. Your will, I will take over.⏎ And one of the Dragons to defeat the rest.
01: Dragon Slayer found.
01: ■The train GET at
Ledyn: To break through it.
Narm: See more!
Jessica: Ready!
Chris: New!
Taylor: You and it!
Albart: Escape or die!
Horking: My sword to help you.
Rans: The‥‥silly.
Sone: From it.
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
S: GYAAA‥‥
S: GYAAA‥‥
M: BWOOON‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
Jessica: Just not know‥‥
Albart: Caught off guard as‥‥
Horking: Sorry Prince, but this I like.
Rans: This I was losing and for what?!
Taylor: Well,the same was.
Chris: Design your game.
Sone: It was! The weapon is good, but it contains items that can be purchased for Real Money. After you leave!
Narm: At a time like this, and it‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
S: GYAAA‥‥
S: GYAAA‥‥
M: BWOOON‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
Monster: And,well‥‥
Ledyn: And defeat the.‥‥
Ledyn: Sword‥‥. Dragon Slayer is disappears‥‥.
Narm: Prince, this is a heck‥‥.
Ledyn: From die‥‥but maybe your sword,⏎of the past, a hero will materialize the food, but it's not.
Jessica: No it is not.⏎ Perhaps the wicked dragon to defeat so strong feelings by⏎materialization was a little more.
Horking: Defeat the dragon for now,its significance lost,gone and‥‥.
Narm: ‥‥Sad thing to do.
Rans: This is where a little bit ago, the ancient characters written in tablets of stone of‥‥.
S1: This is the hotel in that ancient character.
S2: "The magician bonus, and the forces of darkness unleash,the world is in darkness and you.⏎ At this time, the lead the the king of version control,⏎of light army led by this to avenge pick."
S3: "And at the top by Velcro jelly to the darkness to seal the"⏎so written.
S4: Resurrection from now,⏎Ball is still Velcro jelly from move one‥‥
Taylor: Velcro General application‥‥.⏎ Some of the Forbidden Land in a place called evil from?
Sone: Prince!
Ledyn: Only for diesel to defeat again the darkness seals the game.⏎ This is our hotel in Mission!⏎ This whole army by Velcro jelly to the Invasion game.
Bosel: Welcome, the lead of the Scion more.
Ledyn: Who! Before the end of the month?
Bosel: My name is diesel. This Velcro jelly of,no, the ruler of the whole world yet.
Ledyn: It's fun, fast and easy to use! This world and become free of what not to do!
Bosel: The dashing thing you. New release,original gallery,my opponent and!
S1: And not to leave. In my art to ' em and let's.
S2: The void of darkness within the false to the deceased by.⏎ Our compact, according to thy power to show.⏎ End system,Manuel,chaos. The movie, the core!
Chris: Access! Head‥‥.
Narm: Access! Head‥‥.
Ledyn: ?! As a result, preschoolers kids learn the letters sounds much more faster.
Nicollis: Cook up‥‥. Hallucinations of the art of.⏎ This from friends and colleagues killed there and enjoy the good.
Ledyn: A place like this in not losing the return
Jessica: Prince. New system can be defeated if the art of Beat should.
Ledyn: You know. Hurry up new resources to defeat it.
Nicollis: It from and.......... why.
Rans: New list of opponents I have to leave behind! My surgery to hurry up and seal the game!
Nagya: Download human, human, human features‥‥killed will.
Chris: Layer up!
Ledyn: We want to and not each!
Taylor: The original and all!
Sone: And as for you!
Narm: Prepared!
Horking: PC.
Rans: You want to get home alive, I don't thing so!
Albart: This come step to leave someone out!
Nagya: You guys still the power of God is from‥‥⏎IS,and I'm working on.
Jessica: I!?
Bosel: This is my sword for that stupid thing‥‥.
Nicollis: I the art of distracting and useless thing!⏎ Differents when I have to win that game.
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: BWOOON‥‥
Bosel: Human is not.⏎ It's about time,then I'll meet you in the.
Sone: It was always black and white! After you leave!
Narm: This shouldn‥‥
Chris: Kyaa!
Taylor: Just get some!
Jessica: But my magic isn't enough to win from‥‥
Horking: Prince, sorry. No way.
Rans: Team up! This is really starting to tick me off!
Albart: After ask!
Nicollis: Also,my surgery‥‥it was! Remember of course!
Chris: Array?! I,was there any other?
Ledyn: Okay! New collection of art by controlling them or not.
Nicollis: Also,my surgery‥‥it was! Remember of course!
Narm: ? I what was it?
Ledyn: Okay! New collection of art by controlling them or not.
Nagya: How much I love life!!!!!!!⏎ One,then it is you we will defeat you. Wait for a while please!
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: BWOOON‥‥
Ledyn: This once to check zero up to the castle to plunge! PC.
Sone: Offices!
Ledyn: Box diesel!⏎ Never again from those from the site in sealed and!
Bosel: And that is not. This differents from life, one was going‥‥⏎not a bad SideShow and have a long way to go to do it.⏎ Off‥‥me up good.
Ledyn: What?! To get away from!
Bosel: Chaotic revival of the nearest‥‥here also, there is the convenience of.⏎ The next opportunity is differents from life apart from this.⏎ Again the phase only to look forward to!
Ledyn: This devastation is Velcro General States the castle from‥‥.
Nagya: And I came from,the only complaint I have is that I want more.
Albart: Unless you want to die what you see!
Rans: Unless you want to die what you see!
Nagya: So we do not. I was always a bit different for me.⏎ I have a child and I was blessed with a new power, and I'm going to show you.
Taylor: It's fun, fast and easy to use!
Sone: It's fun, fast and easy to use!
Nagya: Eternal Earth.⏎ Now,his life has been the inner energy of the limbs with it!⏎ Gordy・the Class・A Saint!
Horking: What a pillar is?! The pillar is a giant!
Ledyn: What a pillar is?! The pillar is a giant!
Jessica: Be careful! Your Golem more!
Narm: Be careful! Your Golem more!
Rans: To hell of course!
Nagya: One serious crash! Help me to die, is the‥‥wire‥‥download‥‥
Ledyn: Everyone, not‥‥
Nagya: Download human, human, human, human features‥‥I had entertained more.
Nagya: So,for them to stab your hand.
Doraem: Hello!
Doraem: Go!
Rans: Original gallery!⏎ Differents manipulated by the demon, for me is of no important who lost.⏎ Differents is,that sin is not even them!
Nagya: Or,wait for me.⏎ Help other beautiful woman from before and would.
Rans: Die is good,Gedo for!
Albart: Death to life!
Taylor: It's how to have fun!
Sone: Here!
Narm: Disturbed is not over!
Horking: This world we become free of what are not!
Rans: I Dodge the attacks you can........ this
Doraem: Heh‥‥,die not!
Heidias: Differents lives, I was going to do!
Jessica: This I play chess with care of?
Ledyn: To lose something!
Chris: Buyers!
Nagya: One for me! Golem, what are fast guys on the course!
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYSHEEEE‥‥
M: GYSHEEEE‥‥
Undead: GU‥‥
Rans: Team up!
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Sone: It was!
Narm: Don‥‥
Taylor: Tip! Imprudence to was.
Jessica: Oh‥‥
Albart: Well!
Horking: Caught off guard too‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYSHEEEE‥‥
M: GYSHEEEE‥‥
Undead: GU‥‥
Doraem: No,not that?!
Heidias: So too my Oh my!
Nagya: Click! What a dude! The Golem to the opponent that, with a gear to defeat yet!
Nagya: You,my cute Golem like us. They Away have.
Albart: Silly‥‥.
Rans: ‥‥.
Chris: Lady-like! A large army of the enemy is this fast approaching!
Ledyn: What! The enemy is also desperate still. Well, in a hurry to rush!
Rans: Reading,this I and.⏎ Someone here my stop such.
Narm: Online! From your in danger too!
Rans: Okay,Nam.
Narm: Ask by. Live came home!
Rans: ‥‥You go! You know, not die by!
Ledyn: These and die by.
Rans: If you still!
01: But the fellow from the outside in......
Rans: ‥‥.
Chris: Lady-like! A large army of the enemy is this fast approaching!
Ledyn: What! The enemy is also desperate still. Well, in a hurry to rush!
Rans: Reading,this I and.⏎ Someone here my stop such.
Narm: Online! From your in danger too!
Rans: Okay,Nam.
Narm: ‥‥Then, I remain,Prince.
Rans: Nam!? Why and before‥‥.
Narm: There is an army of 1 person is what I saved by.⏎ Without it, I was left in the fight.
Rans: ‥‥Did. Not,and wish.
Narm: Yeah. Prince,do you really want to do this?⏎ Here for the enemy troops to eliminate them, make sure 2 people can catch up with you.
Chris: Reading your‥‥Please, go now!
Ledyn: I.⏎ 2 people and this is also an opportunity to tidy up as soon as they caught up with you. Thank goodness!
Rans: Oh, Bo present and settled in between to combine. You,quickly go!
Narm: Prince,plays great on Android tablets and HD resolution mobile devices!
01: But the fellow from the outside in......
01: Naam is a fellow from the outside in......
Horking: Apparently the basement of the temple like that.
Albart: More! Surrounded by enemies each!
Nicollis: Back they still‥‥. No one is and was.
Taylor: Would you such as! And also, original the gap and to become like that.
Nicollis: Partner gallery? Humph! Not a person, instead of much is and to me.⏎ Its the nature of my surgery to do so.
Narm: You are the lowest of human contact!
S1: People with desires are a powerful force to engender from.
S2: Come to think of it‥‥download Empire of gold movie,⏎the game to snatch, it was not.
S3: Your operations that the notice be and is,an amusing story with you.
Chris: Your your for⏎now how many people are suffering and you think you have!
Nicollis: I do! Even if you, gentlemen!
Ledyn: Hurry up! I'll cast a spell that!
Nicollis: Beat me, you can also slow end.⏎ In General our chaos revive,the forces of darkness‥‥ugh! Off!
Nicollis: Fool for! His own power to think a know!
Ledyn: Link source! This‥‥
Nicollis: Fools what for! In our hands, in the midst of the death dance continues from there.
Narm: They are!
Chris: I was angry at the temple ... 
Ledyn: To lose something!
Jessica: More than this, he wanted to not know.
Taylor: So easy to defeat that thing!
Sone: This Yarrow!
Rarcus: This is my challenge to anyone is interested let me know!
Albart: Death to life!
Horking: This world we like is not it.
Oza: And before everyone here kills you!
Lummisrose: In my hands the eternal sleep in them!
Alpharn: Death works really well.......... why.
Nicollis: Differents from Japan as a servant and would. World of darkness is a fun AUL!
Lieup: Come! This is different from!
Mazznis: Eh?! This I fight with it?
Morgan: How would‥‥. Want Street kill if you like.
Narm: Still sword training is not enough for me?
Sone: To! Feet and it was!
Chris: Catch!
Taylor: Click‥‥blunder!
Jessica: Oh‥‥
Albart: This seems not‥‥
Horking: Not!
Heidias: So, Fool! Window world!
Lummisrose: Ball,Ball zero your‥‥
Rarcus: So,why‥‥this I was losing it?!
Mazznis: Window world! And for the!
Oza: Wet! I'm losing so‥‥
Alpharn: It is‥‥
Morgan: Gear!
Jessica: The power of darkness‥‥chaos of the resurrection and is what‥‥?!
Ledyn: I know it has something to do with that‥‥?
Jessica: Prince,another moment of grace too!⏎ Chaos‥‥Chaos revived all!
Ledyn: Chaos is the resurrection‥‥Chaos God called you chaos it?!
Jessica: There is no doubt!⏎ It is the power of Japan to you trying!
Chris: Lady-like,down towards the stairs there! Can‥‥.
Ledyn: How!
Chris: Stairs, there are 2 of you.⏎ Respectively in a different direction, as if descended in⏎either the right or‥‥.
Ledyn: Be sure to check out our other games no. No,second-hand in!⏎ Button of like is not it.
Sone: This is the deepest part of the in...... Neither answer‥‥⏎No, both free it.
Ledyn: ‥‥Ambush had been. But this is forward but would not.
Bosel: Humans as well, to come here is if you know what I mean.
Ledyn: Box diesel! And before the defeat,twice and more as the movie and game.
Bosel: The! I am the darkness by the power of the resurrection,human beings beyond us!⏎ For example, a user may be able to them,and that is good. The ハ ハ ハ ハ!
Jessica: Soon,under the floor to get out.⏎ Perhaps this destination is a box of would like to the underground temple‥‥.
Ledyn: Well, the whole army proceeding each! This is the last decisive battle‥‥!
Rans: ‥‥Just,time was not.
Narm: Prince, I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
Ledyn: Online! Nam! 2 people and I was not!
Rans: Norm. Guy and settled in between the suit and said that would.
Bosel: That degree of proficiency in well to come here is if you know what I mean!
Ledyn: Just one step at a time when,regrets‥‥
Ledyn: The darkness to come back! Box diesel!
Bosel: The! So slow.⏎ Now,all of the power of darkness is released to you. The ハ ハ ハ ハ‥‥game!?
Ledyn: So,what's the matter with you?! This vibration?
Bosel: If not! I‥‥recording.
Ledyn: This in the end! Forever gone without it! Chaos!
Chaos: Some‥‥darn goddess for‥‥. However, I have one su that!⏎ In this world of chaos as long as there‥‥who is chaos for as long as‥‥⏎soon あ あ あ あ あ あ‥‥.
Ledyn: This was last! The whole army assault!
Bosel: I the power of darkness ours, and God all in one!
Chaos: The one with the luminosity of the Scion more.⏎ My stopping is whether you can,try to be good.
Chaos: My name is chaos. Now,at this time and my mission to play it.
Jessica: Also,Chaos is!
Civilian: This is the power of darkness of body?!
Chaos: My world is always in chaos and in order to keep the world together with the created power.
Narm: What does it mean?
Chaos: I the evolution of the world, to chaos, to maintain the substance to destroy.
Horking: It is not!
Civilian: It is not!
Chaos: Of the world and instead of defiance is not allowed.⏎ Chaos of keep to disturb of destroy all.
Ledyn: Me like that, too. And before the in sealing!
Narm: This battle, always win them over!
Jessica: This is not losing is we do not!
Ledyn: The power of darkness is here to seal that!
Taylor: Can't say why!
Albart: You ambition also here in the end!
Horking: To break through it.
Sone: My sword for that cheeky!
Highsgitte: Figure to ride it!
Actruct: More than this and not die!
Zdark: This to me matches would not!
Zelvis: The darkness of God, back safely alive to think!
Tailhorn: Prepared for the course!
Bosel: True our power, Plenty and the taste is good!
Chaos: Destroy!
Ledyn: I‥‥chaos to our attack is good defense??
Chaos: The world, and I will, I will disappear that are not of you.
Chris: So‥‥I will make them we absolutely‥‥
Chaos: Understand it? The chaos that is the world the essence of the game.
Ledyn: ‥‥As well, I admit it can't!
Lusiris: ‥‥Well respectively said.
Chaos: Differents I!? The system here.
Lusiris: Chaos favor and not as a stand-alone app or sync it to your Blu-Ray decided Guanghui descendant by‥‥.⏎ It runs through for the power you will receive. And people will show!
Ledyn: This is the‥‥the is shining!?
Chaos: To die would die. However, the last laugh is mine! Goddess such as to disturb or not to die!
Ledyn: Shut up chaos!⏎ This,this the in differents defeat!
Orgitance: I was! Die not!
Chris: Up!?
Horking: For an‥‥. I will go down.
Albart: Here move die and are‥‥everyone, die!
Jessica: I can. While there are more!
Taylor: It was! A critical time to! Not retreating!
Chris: Kyaa! The lady we had!
Ledyn: Unreasonable is you. The front detached from the back!
Chris: High,high!
Sone: Was. After you ask!
Narm: The wound is‥‥not down.
Zdark: I won by the way, what differents are destined to die still‥‥⏎Group gear!
Tailhorn: Well I won't! But we are here to live out the things that are not!⏎ City は は は は‥‥
Highsgitte: Well,I've‥‥ugh!
Zelvis: The darkness of God! My body thanks you!
Orgitance: The darkness of God! This who to a horrible death please give!
Actruct: I die die! I‥‥soon,ugh!
Ledyn: This in the end! Forever gone without it! Chaos!
Chaos: I be extinguished is not. Absolutely not.
Taylor: What was!?
Chaos: I the world, and in 1 table it.⏎ From the distant past,the world of chaos surface to the one you have.
Narm: Well, we fought the world‥‥!?
Horking: However, we have chaos to concede all die.⏎ The law of world peace into the lead.
Chaos: World to configure it 1, power, law is,to the stability and guiding force.⏎ However, it is stagnant too wet.⏎ Irrefutable from nothing is born or not.
Jessica: Also the creation of chaos would need of it.‥‥.
Chaos: So. But, silly humans,desires for chaos using the power of.
Albart: We are different!
Chaos: Well, good.⏎ Human and law and Chaos 2 to the power of have to.⏎ The light to appear to believe in the law of good will.
Chris: You‥‥God, why this?
S1: Daughter. The answer is in the hearts of the people there.⏎ Law and chaos to God and acknowledged for it,balance it,⏎the world the power of God and again, into this world manifests would be.
S2: But now, the balance is just tilted and die.⏎ I now go to sleep and try. Even if so, the luminosity of the Scion by‥‥
Ledyn: Silly humans,of the world power desires to use‥‥from.
Ledyn: However, chaos and more!⏎ We are each one heart of justice not to lose, as long as the world never ceases!⏎ He should not have spent!
Ledyn: Ended‥‥of it?
Lusiris: Stunning, the luminosity of the Scion more.
Ledyn: You can be logged in.
Lusiris: Chaos is sealed.⏎ People law and order and reason to governance failure unless⏎seal is solvable thing would not.
S1: I am the light of the goddess called Who.⏎ However, such a name may not make sense.
S2: You guys own power,by the Will,chaos broke in.⏎ The will of the people is for the light,I will embody but not too much.
Ledyn: People‥‥light?
S1: So.⏎ Those who seek light, and wish the power of my evoke it.⏎ The with those who. All of this from you.
S2: Light filled the world and also the chaos of the world back then.......... why.⏎ The world of possibilities for you to choose says.
Ledyn: It's not, I'm sure the light in this world to meet everyone!
Lusiris: Expect, the design.⏎ The future of this world is light filled and from that‥‥.
Ledyn: This devastation is Velcro General States the castle from‥‥.
Nagya: And I came from,the only complaint I have is that I want more.
Albart: Unless you want to die what you see!
Rans: Unless you want to die what you see!
Nagya: So we do not. I was always a bit different for me.⏎ I have a child and I was blessed with a new power, and I'm going to show you.
Taylor: It's fun, fast and easy to use!
Sone: It's fun, fast and easy to use!
Nagya: Eternal Earth.⏎ Now,his life has been the inner energy of the limbs with it!⏎ Gordy・the Class・A Saint!
Horking: What a pillar is?! The pillar is a giant!
Ledyn: What a pillar is?! The pillar is a giant!
Jessica: Be careful! Your Golem more!
Narm: Be careful! Your Golem more!
Rans: To hell of course!
Nagya: One serious crash! Help me to die, is the‥‥wire‥‥download‥‥
Ledyn: Everyone, not‥‥
Nagya: Download human, human, human, human features‥‥I had entertained more.
Nagya: So,for them to stab your hand.
Doraem: Hello!
Doraem: Go!
Rans: Original gallery!⏎ Differents manipulated by the demon, for me is of no important who lost.⏎ Differents is,that sin is not even them!
Nagya: Or,wait for me.⏎ Help other beautiful woman from before and would.
Rans: Die is good,Gedo for!
Albart: Death to life!
Taylor: It's how to have fun!
Sone: Here!
Narm: Disturbed is not over!
Horking: This world we become free of what are not!
Rans: I Dodge the attacks you can........ this
Doraem: Heh‥‥,die not!
Heidias: Differents lives, I was going to do!
Jessica: This I play chess with care of?
Ledyn: To lose something!
Chris: Buyers!
Nagya: One for me! Golem, what are fast guys on the course!
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYSHEEEE‥‥
M: GYSHEEEE‥‥
Undead: GU‥‥
Rans: Team up!
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Sone: It was!
Narm: Don‥‥
Taylor: Tip! Imprudence to was.
Jessica: Oh‥‥
Albart: Well!
Horking: Caught off guard too‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYSHEEEE‥‥
M: GYSHEEEE‥‥
Undead: GU‥‥
Doraem: No,not that?!
Heidias: So too my Oh my!
01: Click! What a dude! The Golem to the opponent that, with a gear to defeat yet!
01: You,my cute Golem like us. They Away have.
Albart: Silly‥‥.
Rans: ‥‥.
Chris: Lady-like! A large army of the enemy is this fast approaching!
Ledyn: What! The enemy is also desperate still. Well, in a hurry to rush!
Rans: Reading,this I and.⏎ Someone here my stop such.
Narm: Online! From your in danger too!
Rans: Okay,Nam.
Narm: Ask by. Live came home!
Rans: ‥‥You go! You know, not die by!
Ledyn: These and die by.
Rans: If you still!
01: ‥‥.
01: But the fellow from the outside in......
Rans: ‥‥.
Chris: Lady-like! A large army of the enemy is this fast approaching!
Ledyn: What! The enemy is also desperate still. Well, in a hurry to rush!
Rans: Reading,this I and.⏎ Someone here my stop such.
Narm: Online! From your in danger too!
Rans: Okay,Nam.
Narm: ‥‥Then, I remain,Prince.
Rans: Nam!? Why and before‥‥.
Narm: There is an army of 1 person is what I saved by.⏎ Without it, I was left in the fight.
Rans: ‥‥Did. Not,and wish.
Narm: Yeah. Prince,do you really want to do this?⏎ Here for the enemy troops to eliminate them, make sure 2 people can catch up with you.
Chris: Reading your‥‥Please, go now!
Ledyn: I.⏎ 2 people and this is also an opportunity to tidy up as soon as they caught up with you. Thank goodness!
Rans: Oh, Bo present and settled in between to combine. You,quickly go!
Narm: Prince,plays great on Android tablets and HD resolution mobile devices!
01: But the fellow from the outside in......
01: Naam is a fellow from the outside in......
Horking: Apparently the basement of the temple like that.
Albart: More! Surrounded by enemies each!
Nicollis: Back they still‥‥. No one is and was.
Taylor: Would you such as! And also, original the gap and to become like that.
Nicollis: Partner gallery? Humph! Not a person, instead of much is and to me.⏎ Its the nature of my surgery to do so.
Narm: You are the lowest of human contact!
S1: People with desires are a powerful force to engender from.
S2: Come to think of it‥‥download Empire of gold movie,⏎the game to snatch, it was not.
S3: Your operations that the notice be and is,an amusing story with you.
Chris: Your your for⏎now how many people are suffering and you think you have!
Nicollis: I do! Even if you, gentlemen!
Ledyn: Hurry up! I'll cast a spell that!
Nicollis: Beat me, you can also slow end.⏎ In General our chaos revive,the forces of darkness‥‥ugh! Off!
Nicollis: Fool for! His own power to think a know!
Ledyn: Link source! This‥‥
Nicollis: Fools what for! In our hands, in the midst of the death dance continues from there.
Chris: I was angry at the temple ... 
Ledyn: To lose something!
Jessica: More than this, he wanted to not know.
Taylor: So easy to defeat that thing!
Sone: This Yarrow!
Rarcus: This is my challenge to anyone is interested let me know!
Albart: Death to life!
Horking: This world we like is not it.
Oza: And before everyone here kills you!
Lummisrose: In my hands the eternal sleep in them!
Alpharn: Death works really well.......... why.
Nicollis: Differents from Japan as a servant and would. World of darkness is a fun AUL!
Lieup: Come! This is different from!
Mazznis: Eh?! This I fight with it?
Morgan: How would‥‥. Want Street kill if you like.
Sone: To! Feet and it was!
Chris: Catch!
Taylor: Click‥‥blunder!
Jessica: Oh‥‥
Albart: This seems not‥‥
Horking: Not!
Heidias: So, Fool! Window world!
Lummisrose: Ball,Ball zero your‥‥
Rarcus: So,why‥‥this I was losing it?!
Mazznis: Window world! And for the!
Oza: Wet! I'm losing so‥‥
Alpharn: It is‥‥
Morgan: Gear!
Civilian: Prince,another moment of grace too!
Civilian: Lady-like,down towards the stairs there!
Jessica: The power of darkness‥‥chaos of the resurrection and is what‥‥?!
Ledyn: I know it has something to do with that‥‥?
Jessica: Prince,another moment of grace too!⏎ Chaos‥‥Chaos revived all!
Ledyn: Chaos is the resurrection‥‥Chaos God called you chaos it?!
Jessica: There is no doubt!⏎ It is the power of Japan to you trying!
Chris: Lady-like,down towards the stairs there! Can‥‥.
Ledyn: How!
Chris: Stairs, there are 2 of you.⏎ Respectively in a different direction, as if descended in⏎either the right or‥‥.
Ledyn: Be sure to check out our other games no. No,second-hand in!⏎ Button of like is not it.
Sone: This is the deepest part of the in...... Neither answer‥‥⏎No, both free it.
Ledyn: ‥‥Ambush had been. But this is forward but would not.
Bosel: Humans as well, to come here is if you know what I mean.
Ledyn: Box diesel! And before the defeat,twice and more as the movie and game.
Bosel: The! I am the darkness by the power of the resurrection,human beings beyond us!⏎ For example, a user may be able to them,and that is good. The ハ ハ ハ ハ!
Jessica: Soon,under the floor to get out.⏎ Perhaps this destination is a box of would like to the underground temple‥‥.
Ledyn: Well, the whole army proceeding each! This is the last decisive battle‥‥!
Rans: ‥‥Just,time was not.
Narm: Prince, I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
Ledyn: Online! Nam! 2 people and I was not!
Rans: Norm. Guy and settled in between the suit and said that would.
Bosel: That degree of proficiency in well to come here is if you know what I mean!
Ledyn: Just one step at a time when,regrets‥‥
Ledyn: The darkness to come back! Box diesel!
Bosel: The! So slow.⏎ Now,all of the power of darkness is released to you. The ハ ハ ハ ハ‥‥game!?
Ledyn: So,what's the matter with you?! This vibration?
Bosel: If not! I‥‥recording.
Ledyn: This in the end! Forever gone without it! Chaos!
Chaos: Some‥‥darn goddess for‥‥. However, I have one su that!⏎ In this world of chaos as long as there‥‥who is chaos for as long as‥‥⏎soon あ あ あ あ あ あ‥‥.
Ledyn: This was last! The whole army assault!
Bosel: I the power of darkness ours, and God all in one!
Chaos: The one with the luminosity of the Scion more.⏎ My stopping is whether you can,try to be good.
Chaos: My name is chaos. Now,at this time and my mission to play it.
Jessica: Also,Chaos is!
Civilian: This is the power of darkness of body?!
Chaos: My world is always in chaos and in order to keep the world together with the created power.
Narm: What does it mean?
Chaos: I the evolution of the world, to chaos, to maintain the substance to destroy.
Horking: It is not!
Civilian: It is not!
Chaos: Of the world and instead of defiance is not allowed.⏎ Chaos of keep to disturb of destroy all.
Ledyn: Me like that, too. And before the in sealing!
Narm: This battle, always win them over!
Jessica: This is not losing is we do not!
Ledyn: The power of darkness is here to seal that!
Taylor: Can't say why!
Albart: You ambition also here in the end!
Horking: To break through it.
Sone: My sword for that cheeky!
Highsgitte: Figure to ride it!
Actruct: More than this and not die!
Zdark: This to me matches would not!
Zelvis: The darkness of God, back safely alive to think!
Tailhorn: Prepared for the course!
Bosel: True our power, Plenty and the taste is good!
Chaos: Destroy!
Ledyn: I‥‥chaos to our attack is good defense??
Chaos: The world, and I will, I will disappear that are not of you.
Chris: So‥‥I will make them we absolutely‥‥
Chaos: Understand it? The chaos that is the world the essence of the game.
Ledyn: ‥‥As well, I admit it can't!
Lusiris: ‥‥Well respectively said.
Chaos: Differents I!? The system here.
Lusiris: Chaos favor and not as a stand-alone app or sync it to your Blu-Ray decided Guanghui descendant by‥‥.⏎ It runs through for the power you will receive. And people will show!
Ledyn: This is the‥‥the is shining!?
Chaos: To die would die. However, the last laugh is mine! Goddess such as to disturb or not to die!
Ledyn: Shut up chaos!⏎ This,this the in differents defeat!
Orgitance: I was! Die not!
Chris: Up!?
Horking: For an‥‥. I will go down.
Albart: Here move die and are‥‥everyone, die!
Jessica: I can. While there are more!
Taylor: It was! A critical time to! Not retreating!
Chris: Kyaa! The lady we had!
Ledyn: Unreasonable is you. The front detached from the back!
Chris: High,high!
Sone: Was. After you ask!
Narm: The wound is‥‥not down.
Rans: Team up!
Zdark: I won by the way, what differents are destined to die still‥‥⏎Group gear!
Tailhorn: Well I won't! But we are here to live out the things that are not!⏎ City は は は は‥‥
Highsgitte: Well,I've‥‥ugh!
Zelvis: The darkness of God! My body thanks you!
Orgitance: The darkness of God! This who to a horrible death please give!
Actruct: I die die! I‥‥soon,ugh!
Ledyn: This in the end! Forever gone without it! Chaos!
Chaos: I be extinguished is not. Absolutely not.
Taylor: What was!?
Chaos: I the world, and in 1 table it.⏎ From the distant past,the world of chaos surface to the one you have.
Narm: Well, we fought the world‥‥!?
Horking: However, we have chaos to concede all die.⏎ The law of world peace into the lead.
Chaos: World to configure it 1, power, law is,to the stability and guiding force.⏎ However, it is stagnant too wet.⏎ Irrefutable from nothing is born or not.
Jessica: Also the creation of chaos would need of it.‥‥.
Chaos: So. But, silly humans,desires for chaos using the power of.
Albart: We are different!
Chaos: Well, good.⏎ Human and law and Chaos 2 to the power of have to.⏎ The light to appear to believe in the law of good will.
Chris: You‥‥God, why this?
S1: Daughter. The answer is in the hearts of the people there.⏎ Law and chaos to God and acknowledged for it,balance it,⏎the world the power of God and again, into this world manifests would be.
S2: But now, the balance is just tilted and die.⏎ I now go to sleep and try. Even if so, the luminosity of the Scion by‥‥
Ledyn: Ended‥‥of it?
Lusiris: Stunning, the luminosity of the Scion more.
Ledyn: You can be logged in.
S1: I am the light of the goddess called Who.⏎ However, such a name may not make sense.
Lusiris: Chaos is sealed.⏎ People law and order and reason to governance failure unless⏎seal is solvable thing would not.
S2: You guys own power,by the Will,chaos broke in.⏎ The will of the people is for the light,I will embody but not too much.
Ledyn: People‥‥light?
S1: So.⏎ Those who seek light, and wish the power of my evoke it.⏎ The with those who. All of this from you.
S2: Light filled the world and also the chaos of the world back then.......... why.⏎ The world of possibilities for you to choose says.
Ledyn: It's not, I'm sure the light in this world to meet it.
Lusiris: Expect, the design.⏎ The future of this world is light filled and from that‥‥.
Chris: This is the‥‥?
Lythrum: Differents from your hotel in Kozo, such as‥‥.
Ledyn: Indigo is everywhere!
Lythrum: I'm not. Differents from Lagos to attend or not.⏎ Why not differents from life to end up here from you!
Taylor: 笑止! Received stand why!
Ledyn: My power, this is the limit of such‥‥
Digos: Hotel kids even came from.⏎ Games plenty of fun and.......... why.
Ledyn: Video goth, waiting for me! I'm going to give you a basting you'll never forget!
Digos: After all,differents from power in me to defeat things such as you can do so.⏎ The ハ ハ ハ ハ‥‥.
Jessica: The artist is evil, and who atone will happen!
Narm: Title Zack King and worth of harm, you agree to not have them around!
Sone: My sword for that cheeky!
Taylor: Out Hey I!
Jessica: Details of areas throughout the you.
Albart: Come this far to lose now there won't!
Horking: They are!
Commander: And from Die!
Commander: Differents are here to die!
Commander: Differents are here to die!
Sirgalious: This differents from killed it!
Sirgalious: Now, Mercy is not each!
Ledyn: Well! This guy for!
Asam: The disciples of you,avenge for them!
Commander: Die!
Digos: To come here is to do things for and to each. The only differents from this I fell Love!
Chris: !
Lythrum: Beat from beat, enjoy!
Narm: Up!
Civilian: Nam customers,please, please!
Sone: It was! Arm and it was! After you leave!
Chris: Kyaa!
Taylor: We! This degree of the enemy defeated, which is not only Hey.
Jessica: Oh!
Albart: Click! This is really starting to tick me off!
Horking: Good!
Commander: Download Empire to glory!
Commander: More than this and well all that they do! This more than‥‥soon,ugh!
Lythrum: Back‥‥,this I‥‥I knew!
Ledyn: Indigo is this back please!⏎ Video goth! The site is back up!
Digos: So,your hotel key from.
Ledyn: And you yourself Did What know!
Digos: The! It and the! The power that justice only. The power who dominates the world of you!
Ledyn: Such an idea is evil and the world, to ruin, to guide me!
Digos: Like Dude! Differents we are killed, if the world is ours and!
Sirgalious: If at the time of the servant boy chasing kill said‥‥.⏎ Indigo child,must avenge been‥‥
Sirgalious: If you‥‥.
Asam: Now,not only go by‥‥. Waiting‥‥.
Commander: The‥‥This is‥‥world!
Commander: The‥‥This is‥‥world!
Digos: Apparently, I'm losing them.⏎ But,into the world of war and bring back peace to power.⏎ By force uniform, other than not.
Narm: By force of the unification what is the meaning of that!⏎ This battle was of old, evil and was not just.
Digos: I made. Power if there is an evil which enclosed that.
Digos: How can I say, after all, even a kick from me, the same as well.⏎ By the power rule‥‥
Ledyn: We have the power to drown your Conqueror is not. Absolutely‥‥.
Digos: Still! By force,rule‥‥force that あ あ あ あ!
Rans: I!? Majesty from the black mist‥‥it is heck not!?
Digos: Just like‥‥あ あ あ あ あ あ あ!!‥‥.
Rans: Majesty‥‥?
Digos: Hotel,Kozo‥‥no, the lady was from.⏎ What was that‥‥. How can I look for?
Ledyn: Black mist,something wicked from your body out looked like.
Jessica: The darkness of the force.⏎ Perhaps,you are of darkness who control it now.
Digos: I am in the darkness, controlling them and would‥‥.
Rans: Your Majesty, okay?!
Digos: Plus,you don't have to worry about him.⏎ Only to find that the only strength is left.
Rans: Only for‥‥?
Digos: We of the Empire defeat you. This neck had good.
Rans: Your Majesty! What says!
S1: The world of war to cure for power.⏎ The power of I was not enough for losing.
S2: Controlling them like What Would it is unchanging.⏎ And I Empire, as the king of the defeat of the responsible.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty‥‥
Digos: Now, my neck to take it.
S1: ‥‥Majesty, I is the Empire to destroy it and do not want to.
S2: The evil seal, in order⏎the returns had only.⏎ Back, please?
Digos: The from. Your sword is a new App Store as well.⏎ Prevailed before us,do as you like..
Rans: New listing‥‥and who, Your Majesty?
Digos: Nico link only. My arm is a vassal of the‥‥No, no, no‥‥⏎such person to the SS captain to leave at the same time even did not‥‥.⏎ No way! I love me a dark person!
Jessica: Perhaps the memory of them now.
Digos: Well! I search for! Nico and his owner!⏎ It and I had of the also just!
Digos: The from. Your sword from the new list manually for you.⏎ Now there are plenty!!
Ledyn: I!?
Sirgalious: Here you, Your Majesty.⏎ Your chest pierced by.⏎ The so‥‥Room.
Rans: Gully mouse! Differents‥‥Majesty was!
Nicollis: Well,server・guide download. Go.
Sirgalious: Okay. New list your.
Rans: Your Majesty! Your Majesty! But please!
Ledyn: I mean,that‥‥.
Rans: Reading! If you look at!
Civilian: Haunted‥‥monster is approaching!
Civilian: Not escape and‥‥
Ledyn: Some of the creatures are‥‥
Jessica: Prince! It is just a demon is not!
Ledyn: I know it has something to do with that!
Jessica: The of is incredible that the appearance in the dark forces Game.
Ledyn: I‥‥Evil had awakened that!
Chris: Lady your. Of the city help those who are not‥‥
Ledyn: Oh, only US citizens closer to you!
Ledyn: Everyone, not‥‥
In: GYOGYOOO!
Ledyn: Creatures of reinforcements from!
Narm: Still come!
In: GYOGYOOO!
Ledyn: The whole army,guard Day.
Rans: The first time was the day before the day!
Rias: Class captain!
Leticia: Late Don't get me wrong, it's great.
Rans: Live! Leticia!
Rias: Media Gothic Majesty of life, the more lady-like under the command of the Enlightenment.
Leticia: We also, Instructions Please!
Ledyn: There is not much to ask!
Rans: 2 people know about this!
Ledyn: 1 people in many citizens to bail you out yet!
Chris: Wait and see‥‥now, help!
Jessica: ‥‥From this lovely lady
Narm: The demon organization was attacked for not‥‥
Rans: Haunted hotel and how cheap life has not!
Ledyn: More than this and they are not!
Chris: Protect!
Jessica: This is not!
Narm: From eh!
Rans: It's how to find it!
Civilian: Or,help!
Civilian: So,someone game.
Undead: GU‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
Civilian: Wow あ あ あ あ あ あ!
Civilian: Oh, and don‥‥
Civilian: Ugh‥‥
Civilian: This‥‥cruel‥‥
Civilian: Wow あ あ あ あ あ あ!
Ledyn: More than this and you! Citizens, that is.
Chris: Ah, the city people‥‥
Jessica: Our slow if‥‥
Narm: I have logged it!
Ledyn: No,what the hell?! Citizens were wiped out from‥‥.⏎ My power must die if‥‥
Civilian: I do not want to die by‥‥
Civilian: Oh, and don‥‥
Ledyn: More than this and you! Citizens, that is.
Chris: Ah, the city people‥‥
Jessica: Our slow if‥‥
Narm: I have logged it!
Ledyn: Download‥‥. This is the people of the town‥‥
Civilian: If you‥‥I‥‥
Rans: I‥‥the game. Going to piece out!
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥
Albart: This is more than reckless‥‥
Horking: I pull the leg, as the‥‥
Rans: This is a retreat,after leaving from!
Rias: I'm sorry‥‥my power is not enough, from the lovely lady
Leticia: Online your‥‥sorry.
Undead: GU‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
Ledyn: But the city can save the.‥‥
Rans: Lane,Ryan and Leticia His Majesty the letter from the Desk came from.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty from?
Rias: Yes, lady-like. Here.
Ledyn: This is the‥‥the find was!
Leticia: According to the survey, the Dar system within the territory of the abandoned Fort,⏎it, but they have a gang entered to see who was in......
Jessica: Prince! The back let!⏎ And it,the dark forces endlessly appear continue!
Ledyn: You know. Soon the Fort towards it.
01: The street became a fellow!
01: Leticia became a fellow!
Ledyn: But the city can save the.‥‥
Chris: Lady-like,rescued the citizens from you, I heard about.
Ledyn: Hear this, heck what are you talking about?
Chris: Yes, anything suspicious 2 people the demon to be guarded, and⏎outskirts of the Fort went into that thing.
Horking: Suspicious 2 people‥‥from the service guy and Nico is!
Jessica: The demon that had kept that from of darkness who is sure.
Ledyn: Oh, I think so too. Then the FORTS on the server‥‥
Jessica: That's right. The possibility is high I think.
Ledyn: By its FORTS more information about collecting, that is.
Narm: Prince! Of darkness attacked!
Ledyn: And from‥‥guard Day.
Nagya: Heh‥‥well come in......⏎ You want is it?
Ledyn: It is at the top!
Rans: International Energy‥‥differents from!
Nagya: And I can't wait to see what happens next It is‥‥⏎somewhere met it? Off‥‥
Rans: ‥‥Forget that they remind you!⏎ Differents is in the hands of a person who regrets to directly engrave the thing by you!
Ledyn: France,calm! Provocation riding you!
Rans: Shut up! The way you and Mercy is not!
Ledyn: Distractions such as not. I beat the game back.⏎ Along with proceed each!
Rans: ‥‥
Ledyn: Everyone, not‥‥
Rans: The guy in front‥‥it was!
Nagya: Oh, I came by. Online‥‥⏎sure his name including many, including many killed, non-Kai is not the man's name was Hey‥‥cream.
Rans: Differents damn!
Ledyn: Online!?
Rans: And second, even for differents breath as we do!⏎ The neck, slash away on it.
01: Is the media under the command of away from it.
Nagya: It would go good for? Heh‥‥
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements from!
Narm: This is surrounded by a reason.
Ledyn: Are not! The surrounding demons to break through yet!
In: GARUUU!
Ledyn: Still come out‥‥.
Jessica: But this monster we have to defeat,the Take can not return.
Ledyn: You know. As I reached it.
Ledyn: More than this, to love or not is not!
Ledyn: Hurry up! All the support that you are the best!
Rias: Class customer!? I‥‥will follow up!
Leticia: More variety more variety online your and avenge they will not!
Narm: My role is a Prince to protect‥‥.
Sone: The demon would lose from it.
Horking: This is the critical point in time.
Rans: International Energy‥‥Women!!!!
Nagya: If you‥‥how to cook or just Hey. Heh‥‥
Nagya: Here come,praise immediately.
Ledyn: Go!
Narm: Go!
Sone: Just was!
Horking: As such.
Rans: It's the only way!
Man: GUU‥‥
Man: GUU‥‥
Undead: GU‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥.
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥.
Albart: This is more than reckless‥‥.
Horking: I pull the leg, as the‥‥.
Rias: Feet No, I'm sorry‥‥.
Leticia: Online your‥‥sorry.
Nagya: And scary. More than this with them.
01: France became a fellow!
Man: GUU‥‥
Man: GUU‥‥
Undead: GU‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Ledyn: However,the game regained it.
Jessica: You did it,Prince.⏎ This at least, the new creatures about the occurrence of calm for the first time.
Rans: ‥‥But I'll get away from it. There was a bit of to.
Ledyn: Darkness and in the midst of a fight, or encounter, if you would.⏎ That is when,I it is the sword to satisfy it.
Rans: ‥‥Know. Lady, and you are my prey well.⏎ The following is the hand out you by. If the hand out from your‥‥!
Ledyn: Online‥‥did. That time and before let.
Rans: Oh‥‥.
Albart: This is not a short period of time only this army‥‥.
Ledyn: Guys I seriously think that‥‥.
Jessica: The team went back to work and⏎to this threat, and determined immediately.
Ledyn: Oh, but this is also receding from me.⏎ One can also miss you! Here to annihilate the dead.
Ledyn: Everyone, not‥‥
In: GUWAAAAA!
In: GUWAAAAA!
Albart: Enemy reinforcements from.
Jessica: A considerable force for this place that is.
Ledyn: Continued enemy reinforcements may not. 've got to be careful!
In: GAEEEN!
In: GAEEEN!
Ledyn: I can‥‥however, it is also through here or not!
In: KISYAAAA!
In: KISYAAAA!
Narm: Prince! Also the enemy!
Ledyn: Bear, that is. Through here, and people damage may be caused!⏎ For the evacuation to finish, this out that I can't see!
Digos: Hotel is well bear seems to like you. Thanks to between contact.
Sirgalious: But we are back to relief as the best way‥‥
Digos: This is also the fight of the fish. It's the enemy of darkness army,and if⏎direct this Gothic puppet, it was reward and they,⏎belly of the insect and they die.
Digos: This Imperial army cover to cover!⏎ Ugly going to kick of the game.
Ledyn: Back to the trolls not!
Chris: I hurt, I heal.
Taylor: From there, it received standing and that why!
Jessica: Of darkness army of opponents. Pull no punches in let's go.
Albart: The negative from the die.
Ledyn: Go!
Chris: We will!
Taylor: Eat them eh!
Jessica: Disturb you!
Albart: Assault you!
Undead: ‥‥‥‥
M: GUWAAAAA‥‥
M: GUWAAAAA‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: GUWAAAAA‥‥
M: GUWAAAAA‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥.
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥.
Albart: This is more than reckless‥‥.
Horking: I pull the leg, as the‥‥.
Rans: This is a retreat,after leaving from!
Rias: Feet No, I'm sorry‥‥.
Leticia: Online your‥‥sorry.
Undead: ‥‥‥‥
M: GUWAAAAA‥‥
M: GUWAAAAA‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: GUWAAAAA‥‥
M: GUWAAAAA‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
Ledyn: The enemy attacks back and forth from‥‥
Narm: That's right. But, also about the invasion, but you never know.
Ledyn: You know. Now nearby evacuation't rush me!⏎ The next battle preparedness don't forget!
Digos: Our reinforcements are helpful or not?
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty! Thank you.
Digos: It's like. Power is power,⏎of darkness army and to defeat the common enemy, and our cooperation is essential,⏎to it,they are personal resentment and disappointment may‥‥'t you?
Sirgalious: ‥‥.
Digos: ‥‥Glass window?
Sirgalious: Media,be prepared!
Ledyn: I!?
Digos: I!? Too.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty!?
Nagya: Spare not spare not. A little too much.
Rans: International Energy‥‥differents handiwork from!
Nagya: Heh‥‥⏎I was only a little of that guy who wanted to lend a hand just in time.⏎ Back to hating you, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart be honest to Hey.
Rans: And‥‥!
Nagya: And,leave the good for?⏎ The Emperor will die by? Heh‥‥.
Rans: Hello!? Video goth Majesty! But please!
Nagya: I have it in. Heh‥‥
Narm: As this imminent we've‥‥.
Ledyn: It. However, we are not losing is not.
Rans: Media.
Ledyn: The glass‥‥video goth Majesty's condition?
Rans: For the time being is to stabilize only.⏎ However, life in a devastating no. The place was so still.
Ledyn: So‥‥thankfully they're having problems.
Rans: This hotel is negative, then is definitely the Imperial.⏎ We double and even today, this battle all bets that defies.⏎ My life,like you used to do.
Ledyn: It is the mind strong. Much to ask.
Rans: Ah......‥‥ Come seems to like you.
Narm: Your‥‥large army is‥‥!?
Ledyn: Here's the sting going.‥‥ However, it is not!
Ledyn: Everyone, not‥‥
Nagya: And I can't wait to see what happens next Only this that still you?⏎ Indeed, I even though Hey‥‥.
Rans: Bonus gallery! Differents, also!
Nagya: Heh‥‥need of a confidant was bitten by a stupid King and?
Rans: Video goth Majesty is alive and well. I'm not!
Nagya: The king, it was evil luck just is not right!. Heh‥‥.
Rans: Still taunt from‥‥! Idea,Leticia!
Leticia: Yes, online your!
Rias: Anytime you can go!
Rans: Aim for the guy in the neck one! The French Corps, The Assault game.
Ledyn: Online!? Wait a minute!
Rans: Media,this to me or from me! Empire military, even if⏎me personally and even I just at this avenge you must!⏎ If I blunder I was not much forsaken all and are willing to do!
01: The French Corps under the command away from us.
Nagya: Provocations ride only 猪武者‥‥⏎actually Manu in Hey. Heh‥‥
Rans: What was!?
Nagya: Consider that before you, Lance! If you have not!
In: KYYY!
Rias: Your girl drink my day care? The enemy 伏兵!?
Rans: Calm it! This can be in the French squad would not!
In: !!!!
Leticia: One,continue to 伏兵 you!
Rans: I‥‥original gallery you have!
Nagya: Resentment from goofy their resentment in a case. Cook up‥‥.
Ledyn: To relief you. Can have lost those who do not!
Ledyn: Team,this is the critical point only. I continue to!
Narm: My role is a Prince to protect‥‥.
Rans: This is negative if the Empire‥‥absolutely not!
Rias: I,there.
Leticia: The Emperor directly under the forces of pride, ... I need to go to the gym. gym anyone?.
Nagya: Heh‥‥not Death to hear such‥‥.
Nagya: I‥‥why do such a thing!?
Ledyn: Go!
Narm: Go!
Rans: It's the only way!
Rias: Attack!
Leticia: Go!
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: BWOOON‥‥
M: GYSHEEEE‥‥
M: GYSHEEEE‥‥
M: KYYY‥‥
Undead: ‥‥‥‥
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥.
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥.
Albart: This is more than reckless‥‥.
Horking: I pull the leg, as the‥‥.
Rans: The guy in front‥‥it was!
Rias: This,to me is good luck as well.‥‥.
Leticia: Online your‥‥sorry.
Nagya: This will withdraw you. Remember it!
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: BWOOON‥‥
M: GYSHEEEE‥‥
M: GYSHEEEE‥‥
M: KYYY‥‥
Undead: ‥‥‥‥
Ledyn: Lance,all right?
Rans: ‥‥Oh, won you?
Ledyn: Oh, and thanks,La............ and⏎ Of darkness army of warding off I was able.
Rans: So‥‥it was‥‥ugh!?
Ledyn: Online!?
Rans: And,okay‥‥.
Narm: Okay, not just like.⏎ Of serious injury by. I miss that‥‥.
Rans: It is not the case would be. Still you don't beat‥‥!
Ledyn: Plus, it is a big no-no too.⏎ And before you come back to us, leave it.
Rias: That scar fighting from the dead I now.⏎ Our online Squad Online Your minutes work for you.
Leticia: So. Online customers,leave it to me.⏎ Date to online your and Battlefield both have not been.
Rans: ‥‥Sassy.⏎ However, their own subordinates to not believe in General as a disqualification only.⏎ You know,before we leave.
Rias: Yes, OFUNA rode one please.
Leticia: Plus your face in the mud to paint such a thing is not.
Rans: Media,just that. I return to these guys to ask.
Ledyn: Leave it. Seek to move soldiers to I!⏎ Inner gap to the chase, one front push up!
01: The street became a fellow!
01: Leticia became a fellow!
Ledyn: Lance,all right?
Rans: ‥‥Oh.
Ledyn: We of the victory. Of darkness army to retreat also.
Rans: So‥‥yet, or I missed‥‥.
Ledyn: Plus,私怨 caught up in that.
Rans: ‥‥Not yet!
Ledyn: Its appearance is General, as military personnel as the correct figure for?⏎ Protrude subordinates to danger is,and you fight for?
Rans: ‥‥
Ledyn: Fate of the opponents. Deflect feelings that I don't know though.⏎ However, it can also stand on as⏎correctly subordinates to lead, but our role is not?
Rans: ‥‥It. That's right.⏎ Apparently I important been lost to them.⏎ Line up,Leticia,you did not.
Rias: Eh? You apologize, don't!
Leticia: Do it!!! We would you recommend it?
Rans: I have subordinates do.⏎ Lady, and thanks to my trap to get out of you.⏎ And also once again to say thank you.
Ledyn: OK. Now together with the community, and help would.
Rans: And before the enemy without,reading.⏎ Now,this sword to swear and so on.⏎ I want that for a life, bet the fight.
Ledyn: Online‥‥. Oh! I'm fighting with it!
01: France became a fellow!
01: The street became a fellow!
01: Leticia became a fellow!
Taylor: There,in the cave yet.
Jessica: The other day at an invading dark forces, through here, you've.
Ledyn: That is, this cave spot manually.
Chris: The Forbidden Land, the Dior jelly app‥‥.
Jessica: Yes, the dark forces of the stronghold of it.⏎ And the Prince of darkness,body of would like to place‥‥.
Ledyn: The Prince of darkness,volume of diesel from‥‥.
Jessica: The of is incredible things, the⏎symbol diesel also the resurrection of the just.⏎ Of darkness army command zone, you can box diesel only.
Ledyn: This the in once again, seal has been subjected to must⏎this fight is not over and that‥‥.
Jessica: So. Therefore the secret of the sword from the server.
Ledyn: I.⏎ The code as having the responsibility of, be sure to play it.
Rans: I assume too that by,reading.⏎ Needed anytime before the sword as I use.
Ledyn: Online‥‥Oh. That's when you ask.
Narm: Prince, caves in to the demon would be there in......
Ledyn: Silently through it,sweet or not.⏎ Team, watch out more! The demon kicked around from cave to progress the game!
Ledyn: Everyone, not‥‥
In: GAEEEN!
In: GAEEEN!
Ledyn: The demon of the territory to get by.
Narm: Well, I guess there's no choice,the Interceptor immediately.
In: GUU!
In: GUU!
Chris: Lady-like! Also demon is!
Ledyn: But fairytales just that!
Betty: Class white girls.
Rans: Betty!? And,why are you here!?
Betty: Know these things. Class white girls to help decide too.⏎ I also Empire military personnel of the house, those born in the fight, when they are fully aware just.
Ledyn: So,you‥‥?
S1: You design your IT.⏎ Greetings will be late. Lance's sister, Betty and my name is.
S2: My hotel・down a single allied 末席 in⏎in addition I want.
Rans: Hey! What I!
Betty: Class white girls were raped, please.⏎ I'm reading the ask all.
Rans: I‥‥!
Ledyn: ‥‥Some, Lance?
Rans: And before you leave,Reading.⏎ Indeed, the feet and hands and not the degree of proficiency is made.
Ledyn: ‥‥Did.⏎ Betty the Palace,if let's welcome. Our battle with them.
Betty: My thing is just Betty and please call.⏎ It is thank you know.
Ledyn: If you proceed, each!
Narm: My role is a Prince to protect‥‥.
Chris: I hurt, I heal.
Taylor: 辛気 smell place Hey.
Horking: Be careful and let's move on.
Ledyn: Go!
Narm: Go!
Chris: We will!
Taylor: Eat them eh!
Horking: As such.
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
S: GYAAA‥‥
S: GYAAA‥‥
M: BWOOON‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
Man: GUU‥‥
Man: GUU‥‥
Betty: The way open!
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥.
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥.
Albart: This is more than reckless‥‥.
Horking: I pull the leg, as the‥‥.
Rias: Feet No, I'm sorry‥‥.
Leticia: Online your‥‥sorry.
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
S: GYAAA‥‥
S: GYAAA‥‥
M: BWOOON‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
Man: GUU‥‥
Man: GUU‥‥
Betty: I‥‥retreat to.
Ledyn: Guys, have you been?
Narm: Yes, the Prince. Safe and sound in.
Ledyn: By then,safely through the cave and it was so.
Taylor: Also,the cave is 辛気 smell I not and.⏎ I'm from the streets all the time.
Horking: So,this is the destination of Villa General at the Battle of win⏎or through that I think‥‥⏎it is you from the land of permanent residence at the time.
Taylor: Just a joke, like Hey! The darkness of the continent I live for!
Ledyn: The‥‥that much to it.
Horking: I understand,Prince.
Ledyn: If this destination is exit only. The cave out of what is waiting from me.⏎ I was always worried I'd get a lot better!
Ledyn: Guys, have you been?
Narm: Yes, the Prince. Safe and sound in.
Rans: The General of the soldiers wounded and also a few. This fight has no impact on me.⏎‥‥ Superfluous and is about to come on for your‥‥.
Betty: You? It is anyone's thing, right?
Rans: ‥‥If‥‥.
Ledyn: Anyway, safely through the cave and it was so.
Taylor: Also,the cave is 辛気 smell I not and.⏎ I'm from the streets all the time.
Horking: So,this is the destination of Villa General at the Battle of win⏎or through that I think‥‥⏎it is you from the land of permanent residence at the time.
Taylor: Just a joke, like Hey! The darkness of the continent I live for!
Ledyn: The‥‥that much to it.
Horking: I understand,Prince.
Ledyn: If this destination is exit only. The cave out of what is waiting from me.⏎ I was always worried I'd get a lot better!
Bosel: Welcome, the lead of the Scion more.
Ledyn: Before the end of the month??
Bosel: My name is diesel.⏎ This Velcro jelly of,no, the ruler of the whole world yet.
Narm: The whole world logged in!?
Ledyn: The world is big out your‥‥
Bosel: Big?⏎ No. We have in this world such as a small miniature garden too wet.⏎ Of chaos in the name of God to the world, you will see the destruction at the meet and would.
Ledyn: It is not! This grid size as long as you have!
Bosel: Secret sword the from.⏎ A seal of Souls now and no longer a threat to you.
Ledyn: Not yet!
Bosel: We again sealed the not and from our of the bottom, with just that you.⏎ It is just the beginning,but‥‥.
Nicollis: Volume of diesel customers. Here leave to.
Nagya: Intruders such as Blood Festival in your look.
Bosel: To leave. This Earth Day was to regret it.
Ledyn: Wait a minute! Box diesel!
Nicollis: Through here if you want us to beat things up.
Nagya: That's a wonderful thing. Heh‥‥
Ledyn: Would be nice. If you force through them!
Ledyn: Everyone, not‥‥
Nicollis: The void of darkness within the false to the deceased by.⏎ Our compact, according to thy power to show.⏎ End system,Manuel,chaos. The movie, the core!
Chris: Access! Head‥‥.
Narm: Access! Head‥‥.
Ledyn: ?! As a result, preschoolers kids learn the letters sounds much more faster.
Nicollis: Cook up‥‥. Hallucinations of the art of.⏎ This from friends and colleagues killed there and enjoy the good.
Nicollis: Well, now!
Sirgalious: New your,place can.
Nicollis: A good guide out to...... Still the enemy to overrun the good.
Digos: Gully mouse!
Sirgalious: ‥‥
Digos: For an‥‥and manipulate from your SO.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty!? Why are you here!?
Digos: My subordinates killed for you. It is in my to leave it.
Ledyn: More than this, to love or not is not!
Sone: The demon would lose from it.
Jessica: Of darkness army of opponents. Pull no punches in let's go.
Albart: The negative from the die.
Horking: This is the critical point in time.
Nagya: A little tone got too much Hey‥‥.
Nicollis: All is gift for your‥‥.
Sirgalious: Hotel Collection‥‥differents'll kill!
Sirgalious: This my to win I think not!
Nicollis: Differents from when the delay is taken out!
Nagya: I‥‥why do such a thing!?
Ledyn: Go!
Sone: Just was!
Jessica: Disturb you!
Albart: Assault you!
Horking: As such.
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Nicollis: This place is a retreat like this,remember it‥‥
Chris: Array?! I,was there any other?
Ledyn: Okay! New collection of art by controlling them or not.
Narm: ? I what was it?
Ledyn: Okay! New collection of art by controlling them or not.
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥.
Albart: This is more than reckless‥‥.
Horking: I pull the leg, as the‥‥.
Rias: Feet No, I'm sorry‥‥.
Leticia: Online your‥‥sorry.
Digos: Apparently I am losing from not‥‥.
Nagya: The‥‥without‥‥. This, I‥‥as‥‥.
Sirgalious: I knew‥‥regrets,however‥‥.
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
Rans: This is a retreat,after leaving from!
Betty: I‥‥retreat to.
Ledyn: New this ahead fled so‥‥
Jessica: Perhaps the diesel is also out of order.
Digos: Lady, and subordinates to trouble your‥‥.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty‥‥example,come only with your help.
Digos: From here I also with to advance them.⏎ Puppet from the dead those who have of harm from me.
Ledyn: Yes. With the new box, we were let down.
01: Video goth became a fellow!
Albart: By right, the Prince.
Ledyn: Oh, and the whole army,and defeated the game.
Ledyn: And no,La............ and
Rans: Oh, and the causal conditions also settled there. However‥‥⏎if the inner gap is also Majesty and mouse as well⏎been brainwashed only if the enemy still remains.
Ledyn: New release,the diesel‥‥.
Rans: So. They defeat it the fight is over from there.
Ledyn: Oh, you and little. Along with the work.
Narm: Prince Nico, the squirrel fled away to the temple is in......
Jessica: Perhaps the diesel is also out of order.
Digos: Lady, and subordinates to trouble your‥‥.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty‥‥example,come only with your help.
Digos: From here I also with to advance them.⏎ Puppet from the dead those who have of harm from me.
Ledyn: Yes. With the new box, we were let down.
Rans: Play,1 one to hear.
Ledyn: What's the matter, Lance?
Rans: Ball Zero beat, if you really fight is over and peace is that?
Ledyn: ‥‥Do not know. However, I believe that he is.⏎ So,now what is the least diesel beat's.
Rans: ‥‥So,and even before don't know.
Ledyn: Online?
Rans: No, it's like. Now don't miss out!
Bosel: Humans as well, to come here is if you know what I mean.
Ledyn: Box diesel! Here differents clowns, or what.
Bosel: The ハ ハ ハ ハ!⏎ Interesting‥‥if in my power,I know that is good.
Nicollis: Button General with your children and you touched your opponent think!
Ledyn: New release!?
Digos: New listing‥‥well, our puppet was not.⏎ Far from it my under also‥‥⏎differents to rent this place to return to!
Nicollis: Of puppets 分際 in for more!⏎ Would be nice, for differents us to bury it!
Ledyn: This coming‥‥but‥‥.
Nicollis: The evil demon also, my response to the call for me.
In: GUGUGUUU!
In: GUGUGUUU!
Ledyn: I‥‥demons of reinforcements from!
Nicollis: Differents from the demon and look good still!
Nicollis: And to and would.⏎ The darkness sunk into the false shadow of by. Chaos in the name of the figure shows.⏎ N, logic, and chaos. Gordon, Ricoh new!
Ledyn: You‥‥I do!?
Narm: Prince‥‥2 people!?
Nicollis: Their own power in themselves to destroy good!
Nicollis: Ball is in your‥‥sorry,no‥‥
Bosel: Well done, new list‥‥well serve us.
Nicollis: Also,you can‥‥words‥‥.
Bosel: Chaos your sleep is good.
Digos: Box, and after and before only!
Bosel: It. But,what about it?
Ledyn: What the hell!?
Bosel: I found this is chaos, we the darkness to rule all people.⏎ For 1 person and for this I would like to, as long as the darkness's army is immortal.
Ledyn: Without it, We ago beat all to end all!
Ledyn: Here are all of the clowns!
Narm: Prince,How can one go!
Sone: As only! I mess with!
Chris: Design for your lovely lady.
Taylor: This idea can also from and!
Jessica: I, by the magic of the Prince to win!
Albart: Hotel of the officers and men of the meaner look to it!
Horking: The last to die without fight.
Rias: This is the last and work hard as this is.
Leticia: Balance your instead of us!
Digos: The overwhelming power and I want to show you!
Nicollis: The box diesel is no one near them not!
Bosel: My the darkness of God alone.
Rans: Before me stands one who is a sword throw!
Betty: Fight now! 死力 will do!
Bosel: Darkness to rule all of those forces, I know!
Nicollis: This is the differents of the grave in one!
Ledyn: Go!
Narm: Go!
Sone: Just was!
Chris: We will!
Taylor: Eat them eh!
Jessica: Disturb you!
Albart: Assault you!
Horking: As such.
Rias: Attack!
Leticia: Go!
Digos: Shattered it!
Digos: Shattered it!
Rans: It's the only way!
Betty: The way open!
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
L: GUGUGUUU‥‥
L: GUGUGUUU‥‥
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥.
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥.
Albart: This is more than reckless‥‥.
Horking: I pull the leg, as the‥‥.
Rias: Feet No, I'm sorry‥‥.
Leticia: Online your‥‥sorry.
Digos: Apparently I am losing from not‥‥.
Digos: Apparently I am losing from not‥‥.
Rans: This is a retreat,after leaving from!
Betty: I‥‥retreat to.
Nicollis: Ugh‥‥
Bosel: Dark pay light‥‥and‥‥I was,that‥‥.
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
L: GUGUGUUU‥‥
L: GUGUGUUU‥‥
Ledyn: Box diesel! This was last!
Bosel: Now there are plenty!
Narm: Ball zero‥‥kill you?
Ledyn: Oh, we have victory!
Digos: Well, Media. Empire congratulatory speech on behalf said so.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty‥‥⏎this victory is a hotel and a single of the two countries win.
Digos: It. So die from it.
Ledyn: Majesty‥‥the darkness of the threat it removed.⏎ This from my hotel in Dar for a good neighbor,⏎or a friend as a present and forgive would?
Digos: ‥‥Course only. Download system Emperor under the name of promise.⏎ Our policy is,your hotel and abiding friendship to swear and so on.
Ledyn: Thank you.
Narm: Prince,back to back let!
Ledyn: Oh, the fight is over! Back to,back to!
Ledyn: Box diesel! This was last!
Bosel: Now there are plenty!
Narm: Ball zero‥‥kill you?
Ledyn: Oh, we have victory!
Digos: Well, Media. Empire congratulatory speech on behalf said so.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty‥‥⏎this victory is a hotel and a single of the two countries win.
Digos: It. So die from it.
Ledyn: Majesty‥‥the darkness of the threat it removed.⏎ This from my hotel in Dar for a good neighbor,⏎or a friend as a present and forgive would?
Digos: ‥‥Promise I won't.⏎ However, our country now is more than this to continue the fight is not going.⏎ So what would you do??
Ledyn: It is enough. Thank you, di Gothic Majesty.
Rans: Lady, is really good.
Ledyn: What do you mean, Class?
Rans: ‥‥You are unsure of what the hell I want to do,let it.⏎ And think of peace what is this?
Ledyn: ‥‥Hotel also options across the country join hands,forward with me.⏎ The father at the time of such a tragedy will not be repeated for.
Rans: If His Majesty's answer to you was insufficient or not?
Ledyn: Just the other day at the hotel and the Empire were fighting.⏎ Quickly grasp the hand could not understand.⏎ So, now, please add anything else you can think of.
Rans: ‥‥It is....
Narm: Prince,back to back let!
Ledyn: Oh, the fight is over! Back to,back to!
Ledyn: Box diesel‥‥alive for!?
Bosel: It's just what you see. The other day differents from the back of my shadow.⏎ Needs to Made is the ones I saw.
Ledyn: If this and the previous defeat and that!
Bosel: Can I do this? Hotel only power.⏎ Ask for the power of the Empire is now in our hands only.⏎ So, in this new Dark Army of the future by‥‥.
Rans: Lady, I fight.
Digos: Online‥‥why and balls of down, etc‥‥.
Rans: Volume of diesel we thought empathy was.
Ledyn: Different! And you manipulated me! Wake up, Lance!
Rans: Catechism was useless.⏎ I fight to come here. Taking the sword, and the media.
Ledyn: Online‥‥.
Bosel: The ハ ハ ハ ハ! This is funny.⏎ Plays which win would you?
Ledyn: Box diesel‥‥! Differents,forgive me.!
Ledyn: This coming‥‥but‥‥.
Rias: Online your! Please come back!
Rans: To live,back is not me.⏎ I was surprised that my bottom should come.
Rias: Different! Your whereabouts is the Dark Army isn't so!
Rans: Shut up. Your adversary, the fight only.
Rias: Online your‥‥.
Rans: Leticia, you are my under the to come is not going to do this?
Leticia: You I know that your not willing to headquarter immediately.⏎ But, you and I know that we are not.
Rans: I am me.
Leticia: No, I know that we, the Indigo Children betrayed,⏎Bo of Under as made under that thing is not!
Rans: ‥‥.
Digos: Online‥‥changed.
Digos: Differents as I manipulated that thing is not for me.⏎ But before that weak or did not think it.⏎ Only only A and of the Gothic sound down and have‥‥.
Rans: I is zero, we empathize with you.⏎ Old rock Golems and Cyclops will literally erase your heroes with only one blow and the same,by the power rule chanting to diesel customers.
S1: That person's English skills,and not worth anything.⏎ Already the province without soldiers, without,⏎and with force only as The Last Will and state only.
S2: That's not good and I thought of together in them.
Rans: ‥‥I would‥‥.
Ledyn: This form and of purple is a richly-textured, powerful film set in America's rural South that would become‥‥
Narm: Prince,How can one go!
Sone: As only! I mess with!
Chris: Design for your lovely lady.
Taylor: This idea can also from and!
Jessica: I, by the magic of the Prince to win!
Albart: Hotel of the officers and men of the meaner look to it!
Horking: The last to die without fight.
Rias: I I believe also to be the king of an entire realm and conquer a throne!
Leticia: For instance, your opponent still‥‥!
Digos: Glass‥‥No my only one from the hand of love and will!
Rans: Demo‥‥differents clowns of the time.
Bosel: Dance,my hand on your‥‥.
Bosel: The chaos that is this world of sense only.
Rans: I will not be defeated!
Ledyn: Go!
Narm: Go!
Sone: Just was!
Chris: We will!
Taylor: Eat them eh!
Jessica: Disturb you!
Albart: Assault you!
Horking: As such.
Rias: Attack!
Leticia: Go!
Digos: Shattered it!
Undead: ‥‥‥‥
M: KYYY‥‥
M: KYYY‥‥
M: GUGAAAA‥‥
M: GUGAAAA‥‥
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥.
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥.
Albart: This is more than reckless‥‥.
Horking: I pull the leg, as the‥‥.
Rias: Feet No, I'm sorry‥‥.
Leticia: Sorry‥‥.
Digos: Apparently I am losing from not‥‥.
Rans: This,but‥‥I do not see‥‥
Bosel: From‥‥darkness, God of this Board, and that‥‥.
Undead: ‥‥‥‥
M: KYYY‥‥
M: KYYY‥‥
M: GUGAAAA‥‥
M: GUGAAAA‥‥
Bosel: I‥‥this I‥‥and that,and‥‥!?
Ledyn: This is the last survival check out these great new games that have just been added to diesel!
Bosel: Still! I this is where I can not afford to die!⏎ Darkness and more! My shield and!
In: PUSYAAAAAAA!
Narm: I!? The Demon is!
Rans: I!? Escape is!
Ledyn: Escape from!
Bosel: Too late now!⏎ Remember that is not. I also immediately back‥‥!?
Rans: ‥‥Back,what that was?
Ledyn: Online!? Sanity returned to it?
Rans: Oh, and to say as you can see, there is a constantly changing under your command, but‥‥.⏎ And before we thanks.
Bosel: Differents‥‥my spell broke what?
Rans: So let them.⏎ I just power break it or not‥‥⏎at and before the sword for that.
Bosel: Some‥‥why! New risk of surgery and the rating is different!⏎ Once surgery fall,their own desire resist those who such as the possibilities‥‥
Rans: Wish come true had.⏎ Lady and settled and,from my heart's desire.⏎ The result is a stunning defeat for only you.
Ledyn: Online‥‥.
Rans: Media,I present to suppress! Now it is the sword for you!
Bosel: I!? And,and for and and!
Ledyn: Lance,thank you! Body, and prepared the way!
Bosel: Now あ あ あ あ‥‥
Taylor: There,in the cave yet.
Jessica: The other day at an invading dark forces, through here, you've.
Ledyn: That is, this cave spot manually.
Chris: The Forbidden Land, the Dior jelly app‥‥.
Jessica: Yes, the dark forces of the stronghold of it.⏎ And the Prince of darkness,body of would like to place‥‥.
Ledyn: The Prince of darkness,volume of diesel from‥‥.
Jessica: The of is incredible things, the⏎symbol diesel also the resurrection of the just.⏎ Of darkness army command zone, you can box diesel only.
Ledyn: This the in once again, seal has been subjected to must⏎this fight is not over and that‥‥.
Jessica: So. Therefore the secret of the sword from the server.
Ledyn: I.⏎ The code as having the responsibility of, be sure to play it.
Rans: I assume too that by,reading.⏎ Needed anytime before the sword as I use.
Ledyn: Online‥‥Oh. That's when you ask.
Narm: Prince, caves in to the demon would be there in......
Ledyn: Silently through it,sweet or not.⏎ Team, watch out more! The demon kicked around from cave to progress the game!
Ledyn: Everyone, not‥‥
In: GAEEEN!
In: GAEEEN!
Ledyn: The demon of the territory to get by.
Narm: Well, I guess there's no choice,the Interceptor immediately.
In: GUU!
In: GUU!
Chris: Lady-like! Also demon is!
Ledyn: But fairytales just that!
Betty: Class white girls.
Rans: Betty!? And,why are you here!?
Betty: Know these things. Class white girls to help decide too.⏎ I also Empire military personnel of the house, those born in the fight, when they are fully aware just.
Ledyn: So,you‥‥?
S1: You design your IT.⏎ Greetings will be late. Lance's sister, Betty and my name is.
S2: My hotel・down a single allied 末席 in⏎in addition I want.
Rans: Hey! What I!
Betty: Class white girls were raped, please.⏎ I'm reading the ask all.
Rans: I‥‥!
Ledyn: ‥‥Some, Lance?
Rans: And before you leave,Reading.⏎ Indeed, the feet and hands and not the degree of proficiency is made.
Ledyn: ‥‥Did.⏎ Betty the Palace,if let's welcome. Our battle with them.
Betty: My thing is just Betty and please call.⏎ It is thank you know.
Ledyn: If you proceed, each!
Narm: My role is a Prince to protect‥‥.
Chris: I hurt, I heal.
Taylor: 辛気 smell place Hey.
Horking: Be careful and let's move on.
Ledyn: Go!
Narm: Go!
Chris: We will!
Taylor: Eat them eh!
Horking: As such.
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
S: GYAAA‥‥
S: GYAAA‥‥
M: BWOOON‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
Man: GUU‥‥
Man: GUU‥‥
Betty: The way open!
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥.
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥.
Albart: This is more than reckless‥‥.
Horking: I pull the leg, as the‥‥.
Rias: Feet No, I'm sorry‥‥.
Leticia: Online your‥‥sorry.
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
S: GYAAA‥‥
S: GYAAA‥‥
M: BWOOON‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
Man: GUU‥‥
Man: GUU‥‥
Betty: I‥‥retreat to.
Ledyn: Guys, have you been?
Narm: Yes, the Prince. Safe and sound in.
Ledyn: By then,safely through the cave and it was so.
Taylor: Also,the cave is 辛気 smell I not and.⏎ I'm from the streets all the time.
Horking: So,this is the destination of Villa General at the Battle of win⏎or through that I think‥‥⏎it is you from the land of permanent residence at the time.
Taylor: Just a joke, like Hey! The darkness of the continent I live for!
Ledyn: The‥‥that much to it.
Horking: I understand,Prince.
Ledyn: If this destination is exit only. The cave out of what is waiting from me.⏎ I was always worried I'd get a lot better!
Ledyn: Guys, have you been?
Narm: Yes, the Prince. Safe and sound in.
Rans: The General of the soldiers wounded and also a few. This fight has no impact on me.⏎‥‥ Superfluous and is about to come on for your‥‥.
Betty: You? It is anyone's thing, right?
Rans: ‥‥If‥‥.
Ledyn: Anyway, safely through the cave and it was so.
Taylor: Also,the cave is 辛気 smell I not and.⏎ I'm from the streets all the time.
Horking: So,this is the destination of Villa General at the Battle of win⏎or through that I think‥‥⏎it is you from the land of permanent residence at the time.
Taylor: Just a joke, like Hey! The darkness of the continent I live for!
Ledyn: The‥‥that much to it.
Horking: I understand,Prince.
Ledyn: If this destination is exit only. The cave out of what is waiting from me.⏎ I was always worried I'd get a lot better!
Bosel: Welcome, the lead of the Scion more.
Ledyn: Before the end of the month??
Bosel: My name is diesel.⏎ This Velcro jelly of,no, the ruler of the whole world yet.
Narm: The whole world logged in!?
Ledyn: The world is big out your‥‥
Bosel: Big?⏎ No. We have in this world such as a small miniature garden too wet.⏎ Of chaos in the name of God to the world, you will see the destruction at the meet and would.
Ledyn: It is not! This grid size as long as you have!
Bosel: Secret sword the from.⏎ A seal of Souls now and no longer a threat to you.
Ledyn: Not yet!
Bosel: We again sealed the not and from our of the bottom, with just that you.⏎ It is just the beginning,but‥‥.
Nicollis: Volume of diesel customers. Here leave to.
Nagya: Intruders such as Blood Festival in your look.
Bosel: To leave. This Earth Day was to regret it.
Ledyn: Wait a minute! Box diesel!
Nicollis: Through here if you want us to beat things up.
Nagya: That's a wonderful thing. Heh‥‥
Ledyn: Would be nice. If you force through them!
Ledyn: Everyone, not‥‥
Nicollis: The void of darkness within the false to the deceased by.⏎ Our compact, according to thy power to show.⏎ End system,Manuel,chaos. The movie, the core!
Chris: Access! Head‥‥.
Narm: Access! Head‥‥.
Ledyn: ?! As a result, preschoolers kids learn the letters sounds much more faster.
Nicollis: Cook up‥‥. Hallucinations of the art of.⏎ This from friends and colleagues killed there and enjoy the good.
Nicollis: Well, now!
Sirgalious: New your,place can.
Nicollis: A good guide out to...... Still the enemy to overrun the good.
Digos: Gully mouse!
Sirgalious: ‥‥
Digos: For an‥‥and manipulate from your SO.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty!? Why are you here!?
Digos: My subordinates killed for you. It is in my to leave it.
Ledyn: More than this, to love or not is not!
Sone: The demon would lose from it.
Jessica: Of darkness army of opponents. Pull no punches in let's go.
Albart: The negative from the die.
Horking: This is the critical point in time.
Nagya: A little tone got too much Hey‥‥.
Nicollis: All is gift for your‥‥.
Sirgalious: Hotel Collection‥‥differents'll kill!
Sirgalious: This my to win I think not!
Nicollis: Differents from when the delay is taken out!
Nagya: I‥‥why do such a thing!?
Ledyn: Go!
Sone: Just was!
Jessica: Disturb you!
Albart: Assault you!
Horking: As such.
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Nicollis: This place is a retreat like this,remember it‥‥
Chris: Array?! I,was there any other?
Ledyn: Okay! New collection of art by controlling them or not.
Narm: ? I what was it?
Ledyn: Okay! New collection of art by controlling them or not.
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥.
Albart: This is more than reckless‥‥.
Horking: I pull the leg, as the‥‥.
Rias: Feet No, I'm sorry‥‥.
Leticia: Online your‥‥sorry.
Digos: Apparently I am losing from not‥‥.
Nagya: The‥‥without‥‥. This, I‥‥as‥‥.
Sirgalious: I knew‥‥regrets,however‥‥.
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
M: KISYAAAA‥‥
Rans: This is a retreat,after leaving from!
Betty: I‥‥retreat to.
Ledyn: New this ahead fled so‥‥
Jessica: Perhaps the diesel is also out of order.
Digos: Lady, and subordinates to trouble your‥‥.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty‥‥example,come only with your help.
Digos: From here I also with to advance them.⏎ Puppet from the dead those who have of harm from me.
Ledyn: Yes. With the new box, we were let down.
01: Video goth became a fellow!
Albart: By right, the Prince.
Ledyn: Oh, and the whole army,and defeated the game.
Ledyn: And no,La............ and
Rans: Oh, and the causal conditions also settled there. However‥‥⏎if the inner gap is also Majesty and mouse as well⏎been brainwashed only if the enemy still remains.
Ledyn: New release,the diesel‥‥.
Rans: So. They defeat it the fight is over from there.
Ledyn: Oh, you and little. Along with the work.
Narm: Prince Nico, the squirrel fled away to the temple is in......
Jessica: Perhaps the diesel is also out of order.
Digos: Lady, and subordinates to trouble your‥‥.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty‥‥example,come only with your help.
Digos: From here I also with to advance them.⏎ Puppet from the dead those who have of harm from me.
Ledyn: Yes. With the new box, we were let down.
Rans: Play,1 one to hear.
Ledyn: What's the matter, Lance?
Rans: Ball Zero beat, if you really fight is over and peace is that?
Ledyn: ‥‥Do not know. However, I believe that he is.⏎ So,now what is the least diesel beat's.
Rans: ‥‥So,and even before don't know.
Ledyn: Online?
Rans: No, it's like. Now don't miss out!
Bosel: Humans as well, to come here is if you know what I mean.
Ledyn: Box diesel! Here differents clowns, or what.
Bosel: The ハ ハ ハ ハ!⏎ Interesting‥‥if in my power,I know that is good.
Nicollis: Button General with your children and you touched your opponent think!
Ledyn: New release!?
Digos: New listing‥‥well, our puppet was not.⏎ Far from it my under also‥‥⏎differents to rent this place to return to!
Digos: New listing‥‥well, our puppet was not.⏎ Far from it my under also‥‥⏎differents to rent this place to return to!
Nicollis: Of puppets 分際 in for more!⏎ Would be nice, for differents us to bury it!
Ledyn: This coming‥‥but‥‥.
Nicollis: The evil demon also, my response to the call for me.
In: GUGUGUUU!
In: GUGUGUUU!
Ledyn: I‥‥demons of reinforcements from!
Nicollis: Differents from the demon and look good still!
Nicollis: And to and would.⏎ The darkness sunk into the false shadow of by. Chaos in the name of the figure shows.⏎ N, logic, and chaos. Gordon, Ricoh new!
Ledyn: You‥‥I do!?
Narm: Prince‥‥2 people!?
Nicollis: Their own power in themselves to destroy good!
Nicollis: Ball is in your‥‥sorry,no‥‥
Bosel: Well done, new list‥‥well serve us.
Nicollis: Also,you can‥‥words‥‥.
Bosel: Chaos your sleep is good.
Digos: Box, and after and before only!
Bosel: It. But,what about it?
Ledyn: What the hell!?
Bosel: I found this is chaos, we the darkness to rule all people.⏎ For 1 person and for this I would like to, as long as the darkness's army is immortal.
Ledyn: Without it, We ago beat all to end all!
Ledyn: Here are all of the clowns!
Narm: Prince,How can one go!
Sone: As only! I mess with!
Chris: Design for your lovely lady.
Taylor: This idea can also from and!
Jessica: I, by the magic of the Prince to win!
Albart: Hotel of the officers and men of the meaner look to it!
Horking: The last to die without fight.
Rias: This is the last and work hard as this is.
Leticia: Unless you want to die warding off good!
Digos: The overwhelming power and I want to show you!
Digos: The overwhelming power and I want to show you!
Nicollis: The box diesel is no one near them not!
Bosel: My the darkness of God alone.
Rans: Before me stands one who is a sword throw!
Betty: Fight now! 死力 will do!
Bosel: Darkness to rule all of those forces, I know!
Nicollis: This is the differents of the grave in one!
Ledyn: Go!
Narm: Go!
Sone: Just was!
Chris: We will!
Taylor: Eat them eh!
Jessica: Disturb you!
Albart: Assault you!
Horking: As such.
Rias: Attack!
Leticia: Go!
Digos: Shattered it!
Digos: Shattered it!
Rans: It's the only way!
Betty: The way open!
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
L: GUGUGUUU‥‥
L: GUGUGUUU‥‥
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥.
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥.
Albart: This is more than reckless‥‥.
Horking: I pull the leg, as the‥‥.
Rias: Feet No, I'm sorry‥‥.
Leticia: Online your‥‥sorry.
Digos: Apparently I am losing from not‥‥.
Digos: Apparently I am losing from not‥‥.
Rans: This is a retreat,after leaving from!
Betty: I‥‥retreat to.
Nicollis: Ugh‥‥
Bosel: Dark pay light‥‥and‥‥I was,that‥‥.
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
L: GYSYAAAA‥‥
L: GUGUGUUU‥‥
L: GUGUGUUU‥‥
Ledyn: Box diesel! This was last!
Bosel: Now there are plenty!
Narm: Ball zero‥‥kill you?
Ledyn: Oh, we have victory!
Digos: Well, Media. Empire congratulatory speech on behalf said so.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty‥‥⏎this victory is a hotel and a single of the two countries win.
Digos: It. So die from it.
Ledyn: Majesty‥‥the darkness of the threat it removed.⏎ This from my hotel in Dar for a good neighbor,⏎or a friend as a present and forgive would?
Digos: ‥‥Course only. Download system Emperor under the name of promise.⏎ Our policy is,your hotel and abiding friendship to swear and so on.
Ledyn: Thank you.
Narm: Prince,back to back let!
Ledyn: Oh, the fight is over! Back to,back to!
Ledyn: Box diesel! This was last!
Bosel: Now there are plenty!
Narm: Ball zero‥‥kill you?
Ledyn: Oh, we have victory!
Digos: Well, Media. Empire congratulatory speech on behalf said so.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty‥‥⏎this victory is a hotel and a single of the two countries win.
Digos: It. So die from it.
Ledyn: Majesty‥‥the darkness of the threat it removed.⏎ This from my hotel in Dar for a good neighbor,⏎or a friend as a present and forgive would?
Digos: ‥‥Promise I won't.⏎ However, our country now is more than this to continue the fight is not going.⏎ So what would you do??
Ledyn: It is enough. Thank you, di Gothic Majesty.
Rans: Lady, is really good.
Ledyn: What do you mean, Class?
Rans: ‥‥You are unsure of what the hell I want to do,let it.⏎ And think of peace what is this?
Ledyn: ‥‥Hotel also options across the country join hands,forward with me.⏎ The father at the time of such a tragedy will not be repeated for.
Rans: If His Majesty's answer to you was insufficient or not?
Ledyn: Just the other day at the hotel and the Empire were fighting.⏎ Quickly grasp the hand could not understand.⏎ So, now, please add anything else you can think of.
Rans: ‥‥It is....
Narm: Prince,back to back let!
Ledyn: Oh, the fight is over! Back to,back to!
Rans: I'm not reading.
Ledyn: Online‥‥and the front is Gothic Majesty!?
Rans: Oh, that's right. I Your Majesty to avenge you.⏎ And now I download Empire of the New Tsar was.
Ledyn: Why I don't believe things‥‥.
Rans: Lady, I fight.
Ledyn: What are you saying!?
Rans: Fight me no good.⏎ The Japanese Imperial Army left to destroy only.
Ledyn: So! Why before‥‥⏎I visited the peace I break that!
Rans: Catechism was useless. I fight to come here.⏎ Taking the sword, and the media.
Ledyn: Online‥‥.
Narm: Prince! The enemy army,move on.
Ledyn: ‥‥Interceptor ready!
Ledyn: Online‥‥why‥‥.
Rias: Pair,arrived!
Rans: The street,slower each! Successfully is!
Rias: Yes, the planned anti-Left forces as,⏎of darkness army of some cooperation with you!
Rans: And, it is put into the battlefield! Keep the attack up!
Rias: Yes!
Narm: And,Prince! Of darkness army of remnants!
Ledyn: From the French side and how‥‥!?
Leticia: Late. Balance your.
Rans: OK..... I It's more the preparation is what happened!
Leticia: Yes, the deer tribe, and of the negotiations, we were successful!
Shika: To the United States!
Rans: Well,after the backward‥‥
Leticia: No, I fight please. Balance your.
Rans: ‥‥Did. They both ran to each other,Leticia!
Leticia: Yes, online your!
Albart: So‥‥deer tribe or what?
Ledyn: I‥‥.
Betty: Class white girls. Only now we.
Rans: Betty. So is the‥‥hear it doesn't work.
Betty: Yeah. In the Empire of the major nobles of persuasion, completed end.⏎ As you can see, the mobilization of soldiers belonging to it.
Rans: Well, not after the fight just yet.⏎ Team,Assault game. All the troops since he left the army to attack you back!⏎‥‥ I also call friends!
Betty: I also with we just. About you?
Rans: Oh, so you.‥‥ And before with the bad.
Betty: Good. This is our destiny would like.
Jessica: Enemies, more reinforcements in.
Ledyn: Team,死力 to deal with.‥‥ Plus,why you!
Ledyn: This form and of purple is a richly-textured, powerful film set in America's rural South that would become‥‥.
Narm: Prince,How can one go!
Sone: As only! I mess with!
Chris: Design for your lovely lady.
Taylor: This idea can also from and!
Jessica: I, by the magic of the Prince to win!
Albart: Hotel of the officers and men of the meaner look to it!
Horking: The last to die without fight.
Ledyn: Go!
Narm: Go!
Sone: Just was!
Chris: We will!
Taylor: Eat them eh!
Jessica: Disturb you!
Albart: Assault you!
Horking: As such.
Shika: Deer! Deer! Kill!!
Rans: Demo‥‥differents clowns of the time.
Rias: I can go!
Leticia: Your opponent is anyone,twice with the sword to the blunt side of the line.
Betty: This is our last battle to me.
Betty: Allowances will not be!
Leticia: Come good!
Rias: I!? And hand strong‥‥
Rans: Come good!
Shika: Show up!
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥.
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥.
Albart: This is more than reckless‥‥.
Horking: I pull the leg, as the‥‥.
In: GYOGYOOO!
In: GAEEEN!
In: GU!
Commander: Mobile media, such as one twisted game.
Commander: 帝国兵 To Sweet watch!
Commander: Download Empire Hooray!
Shika: God and my body to the lens. Show up!
Rans: Losing that? Off,and‥‥
Rias: I'm here.‥‥ After, Please.
Leticia: Online your‥‥I help you?
Betty: ‥‥White girls,the end is neat and tighten it.
Rans: ‥‥However, it is‥‥.
Ledyn: Online‥‥why before‥‥why not!
S1: Demo‥‥'s hope this come true would‥‥.⏎ Empire of darkness, the armies, the deer tribe also‥‥⏎today this battle, the force of the most lost‥‥.
S2: This is,in war,the flow‥‥to the last,the blood would‥‥.
Ledyn: Online!? It is‥‥would!?
Rans: To the King,It‥‥media.⏎ Hotel, as well as the Empire, the other all,and before the cure for it‥‥⏎it, the ideal is realized, you can‥‥.
Ledyn: Ideal‥‥.
Rans: Across the country,hand in hand proceed‥‥⏎it is the ideal,go to the end of it, the pity‥‥⏎however, before and blood is an issue. This is not a bad‥‥.
Ledyn: Online! For me no, no.⏎ My ideal is,and before this action it was from!
Rans: ‥‥What would not.⏎ Just before‥‥once again, the fight was just,I guarantee it.⏎ I'm on the battlefield, but‥‥can't live from.
Ledyn: Online! Die!
Rans: Overdo,say‥‥street, we also wait, that‥‥.⏎ And I am not‥‥.
Ledyn: Promise! Always peace,permanent peace, try to realize that!⏎ And before sacrifice in vain is not!
Rans: ‥‥Oh‥‥.
Ledyn: ‥‥.
Narm: Reading your‥‥.
Ledyn: Sleep,online‥‥.
Rans: Reading! If you look at!
Civilian: Haunted‥‥monster is approaching!
Civilian: Not escape and‥‥
Ledyn: Some of the creatures are‥‥
Jessica: Prince! It is just a demon is not!
Ledyn: I know it has something to do with that!
Jessica: The of is incredible that the appearance in the dark forces Game.
Ledyn: I‥‥Evil had awakened that!
Chris: Lady your. Of the city help those who are not‥‥
Ledyn: Oh, only US citizens closer to you!
Ledyn: Everyone, not‥‥
In: GYOGYOOO!
Ledyn: Creatures of reinforcements from!
Narm: Still come!
In: GYOGYOOO!
Ledyn: The whole army,guard Day.
Rans: The first time was the day before the day!
Rias: Class captain!
Leticia: Late Don't get me wrong, it's great.
Rans: Live! Leticia!
Rias: Media Gothic Majesty of life, the more lady-like under the command of the Enlightenment.
Leticia: We also, Instructions Please!
Ledyn: There is not much to ask!
Rans: 2 people know about this!
Ledyn: 1 people in many citizens to bail you out yet!
Chris: Wait and see‥‥now, help!
Jessica: ‥‥From this lovely lady
Narm: The demon organization was attacked for not‥‥
Rans: Haunted hotel and how cheap life has not!
Ledyn: More than this and they are not!
Chris: Protect!
Jessica: This is not!
Narm: From eh!
Rans: It's how to find it!
Civilian: Or,help!
Civilian: So,someone game.
Undead: GU‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
Civilian: This‥‥cruel‥‥
Civilian: I do not want to die by‥‥
Civilian: Ugh‥‥
Civilian: Wow あ あ あ あ あ あ!
Ledyn: More than this and you! Citizens, that is.
Chris: Ah, the city people‥‥
Jessica: Our slow if‥‥
Narm: I have logged it!
Ledyn: No,what the hell?! Citizens were wiped out from‥‥.⏎ My power must die if‥‥
Civilian: Oh, and don‥‥
Ledyn: More than this and you! Citizens, that is.
Chris: Ah, the city people‥‥
Jessica: Our slow if‥‥
Narm: I have logged it!
Ledyn: Download‥‥. This is the people of the town‥‥
Civilian: If you‥‥I‥‥
Rans: I‥‥the game. Going to piece out!
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥
Albart: This is more than reckless‥‥
Horking: I pull the leg, as the‥‥
Rans: This is a retreat,after leaving from!
Rias: I'm sorry‥‥my power is not enough, from the lovely lady
Leticia: Online your‥‥sorry.
Undead: GU‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
S: PUSYA‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
M: GYOGYOOO‥‥
In: GYOGYOOO!
In: GAEEEN!
In: GU!
Ledyn: But the city can save the.‥‥
Rans: Lane,Ryan and Leticia His Majesty the letter from the Desk came from.
Ledyn: Video goth Majesty from?
Rias: Yes, lady-like. Here.
Ledyn: This is the‥‥the find was!
Leticia: According to the survey, the Dar system within the territory of the abandoned Fort,⏎it, but they have a gang entered to see who was in......
Jessica: Prince! The back let!⏎ And it,the dark forces endlessly appear continue!
Ledyn: You know. Soon the Fort towards it.
01: The street became a fellow!
01: Leticia became a fellow!
Ledyn: But the city can save the.‥‥
Chris: Lady-like,rescued the citizens from you, I heard about.
Ledyn: Hear this, heck what are you talking about?
Chris: Yes, anything suspicious 2 people the demon to be guarded, and⏎outskirts of the Fort went into that thing.
Horking: Suspicious 2 people‥‥from the service guy and Nico is!
Jessica: The demon that had kept that from of darkness who is sure.
Ledyn: Oh, I think so too. Then the FORTS on the server‥‥
Jessica: That's right. The possibility is high I think.
Ledyn: By its FORTS more information about collecting, that is.
Narm: Some‥‥?
Nagya: Heh‥‥well be in......⏎ You want is it?
Ledyn: It is at the top!⏎ Differents who just! Nikon is not!
Nagya: I am original and my name is. K thanks you.⏎ New we More Your we respectfully sense of how⏎said and Hey, heh‥‥.
Taylor: Sense of and come. No,sake is also out, have you?
Nagya: No, it's more than good ones in. Out in.
Jessica: Prince! Of darkness Army game.
Nagya: So. This is our minions,⏎darn this sword in the enclosed darkness of those who can!⏎ Thanks to this seal to completely solve it for. The‥‥
Ledyn: Was afraid, that was!
Nagya: Now, it is great to have all of you here.
Ledyn: Everyone, not‥‥
Nagya: It would go good for? Heh‥‥
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements from!
Narm: This is surrounded by a reason.
Ledyn: Are not! The surrounding demons to break through yet!
Betty: You have found!
Ledyn: Why not,civilians!?
Betty: ‥‥It! This is me!
Chris: Person,帝国兵 chased by it. This‥‥
Ledyn: The situation is not know, help each other!
In: GARUUU!
Ledyn: Still come out‥‥.
Jessica: But this monster we have to defeat,the Take can not return.
Ledyn: You know. As I reached it.
Ledyn: More than this, to love or not is not!
Narm: My role is a Prince to protect‥‥.
Sone: The demon would lose from it.
Horking: This is the critical point in time.
Albart: The negative from the die.
Nagya: If you‥‥how to cook or just Hey. Heh‥‥
Sirgalious: Hotel in they just kill you!
Ledyn: Go!
Narm: Go!
Sone: Just was!
Horking: As such.
Albart: Assault you!
Nagya: I‥‥why do such a thing!?
Sirgalious: This my to win I think not!
Man: GUU‥‥
Man: GUU‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
In: GYOGYOOO!
In: GAEEEN!
In: GU!
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥.
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥.
Albart: This is more than reckless‥‥.
Horking: I pull the leg, as the‥‥.
Betty: I‥‥retreat to.
Betty: Can I ぁ ぁ ぁ ぁ!
Commander: Gear up!
Nagya: More than this, and I'm not Hey‥‥while.
Sirgalious: I knew‥‥regrets,however‥‥.
Man: GUU‥‥
Man: GUU‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
M: GAEEEN‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Man: GARUUU‥‥
Ledyn: However,the game regained it.
Jessica: You did it,Prince.⏎ This at least, the new creatures about the occurrence of calm for the first time.
Ledyn: Oh, yeah. It's more‥‥
Betty: You lady your right.
Ledyn: You? 帝国兵 chased by‥‥
Betty: I am Betty. You very well know, Lance's sister.⏎‥‥ I would like to ask you things you came for.
Ledyn: Of!? Wishes and is integrally‥‥?
Betty: Brother, to help please.⏎ My brother lives now,political opponents to catch up, and in high demand due to the low cost and the light of it.‥‥.
Ledyn: Is!?
Albart: It is‥‥Prince,Not each!
Horking: Yeah, Empire is a mess of fold to our intervention, if the intervention and taken.⏎ Bad, it a mess after the conclusion to the invasion of an excuse to give things also,‥‥.
Ledyn: However, temporary, and both fought to the line to throw away‥‥
Betty: Free and is have no. Brother saved me from⏎instead of my one with all the lady your dedicated to let.⏎ Property, soldier, my own life ranging from.
Ledyn: It's prepared from‥‥.⏎ However, Albert and Hawking publicly say to the point that‥‥.
S1: There's nothing I can do about it now or not?⏎ Cost is the Prince of the soldiers I know my problems can't do.
S2: From the privately that the daughter has hired a mercenary by the appearance from the US?⏎ It's like there is a fall,knowing if I die in the street to think again.
Ledyn: Good idea! It help get can!
Albart: Well, I guess there's no choice‥‥⏎that's a wonderful thing for the Empire to face is cracking we⏎accompany will not.
Horking: It.⏎ The Balzac of the King's reign by the Lord as the face is known as a......
Sone: Prince, I also Hawking publicly act in line with it.⏎ Hawking public to serve themselves in.
Ledyn: You will not‥‥.⏎ But, I have to forsake this would‥‥. Salvation toward!
Betty: Thank you. Lady your.
Ledyn: However,the game regained it.
Jessica: You did it,Prince.⏎ This at least, the new creatures about the occurrence of calm for the first time.
Ledyn: Oh, yeah. However, your daughter, help your‥‥.
Narm: Well, I guess there's no choice. Your situation from the.
Jessica: Prince, we are the Dark Army if you succumb,⏎that such a sacrifice is more out can.
Ledyn: Such‥‥⏎I'm the one who⏎of darkness army again sealing material.
Jessica: Your worthy heart, and Prince.
Ledyn: Thank you. And by the way, of his words,‥‥.
Nagya: Looking for daughter here and there. Heh‥‥.
Ledyn: Differents‥‥long! I just fled, right!?
Nagya: For example,empty-handed back home for my diesel we scolded them.⏎ So,as Souvenirs to bring back home would think but Hey‥‥off.
Ledyn: Differents! Chris if there was something,forgive me.!
Nagya: And scary. So Hey, it let me do that.⏎ You were alone, I most of the bottom⏎this daughter come to greet them,intact, in the opening line.
Albart: Playfully that such conditions will admit!
Horking: Prince is our version of setting up vertical flags,⏎it alone to come as well so playfully we can!
S1: It I it let.⏎ Come alone, as you,yourself, also harm is not modified.⏎ Intact, he also promised to release immediately.
S2: It comes without saying that,unfortunately, this daughter,⏎darkness of the offerings in your get inspired with personal recommendations, and readymade playlists for just about everything. but Hey,‥‥.
Ledyn: ‥‥Time to think about it.
Horking: Prince!? No!
Nagya: Do. It is,heh‥‥.
Albart: The guy behind. Always caught, that is.
Rans: ‥‥Enclosed?⏎ Apparently my fate also,it seems your‥‥.
Rias: Online your! It was! Keep it up, you'll‥‥.
Leticia: We would like your‥‥IT!
S1: The street,Leticia‥‥be not.⏎ If I die,where Will and I went to a new.⏎ We arm them,with no down I'm not going to do anything.
S2: The house thing is Betty that.⏎ If I more the manner that well only.
Rias: Sure help you. Don't give up!
Leticia: There's still time! Online customers,lost please!
Rans: Dug‥‥reinforcements can be expected from it, although they⏎some power lost to help me like and those who like or would not.⏎ From that on, the Warriors of Death place‥‥.
Betty: Online white girls! What I want to create!
Rans: Betty!? And before‥‥evacuated to why back!
Betty: Yeah, so a bonus, collector's edition purchases count toward three stamps on your monthly game brought over.⏎‥‥ Originally this was going in.
Rans: Reinforcements‥‥and so on. From‥‥!
Ledyn: Online‥‥!
Rans: Reading!? Why you!?
Ledyn: Talk later. My clowns dead before they don't want you!⏎ Team of the castle, surrounding the enemy soldiers cut down by!
Ledyn: Online‥‥be not!
Ledyn: Live!
Rias: Eh!? How can you manually!?
Ledyn: I have is Brothers in arms still. Forsaken I can't.
Rias: Thank you. Line Your salvation experience.
01: The street led down into it.
Leticia: Great film, Thank you.
Ledyn: Raising his head, and Leticia.⏎ I also at this kind of France do not want to lose.⏎ So, to save to help and.
Leticia: Of course! Thank you.
01: Leticia's command and came under!
Commander: You and little! Once you have a Fort to conquer it!⏎ Aim is of the neck only!
Rans: I‥‥further enemies came from!
Commander: We also worked out each.
Commander: Oh, and LeT and.
Rans: It is‥‥no, 帝国兵 not!? No way!?
Ledyn: Hotel in soldiers, and‥‥!?⏎ But there is a Lords private army‥‥⏎somewhere the Lords of the Empire in the Civil War interfering with the say what!?
Rans: The territory to feed in from! Countries that eat pests etc for!
Commander: What and say. How does this in differents die.
Ledyn: To always bail you out!
Narm: Online‥‥I have!
Taylor: This kind of a mercenary-ish of you is bad.
Betty: I die not not allowed.
Rias: Online your place to get some!
Leticia: Be sure to save you and your!
Commander: Aim is of the neck only! Caught of those who reward think of it.
Ledyn: Go!
Narm: Go!
Taylor: Eat them eh!
Betty: The way open!
Rias: Attack!
Leticia: Go!
Commander: Differents from,how can‥‥!?
Commander: Also, it is not that‥‥.
Civilian: Advance!
Civilian: Cheeky!
Civilian: Immediate‥‥beanbag‥‥
Narm: This is a fight not over. I'm sorry.
Chris: Lady-like, Sorry.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Jessica: Prince,after you.‥‥.
Rans: This is a retreat,after leaving from!
Betty: I‥‥retreat to.
Rias: Feet No, I'm sorry‥‥.
Leticia: Online your‥‥sorry.
Rans: Demo‥‥this is how you speak when the time came for not.
Ledyn: It is deplorable that, but............ and⏎ My clowns do?
Rans: ‥‥Oh, yeah. It is nasty even die not.⏎ And by the way, captured a prisoner and you want to talk I'm‥‥⏎idea! Bring it.
Rias: Okay. Indeed, though people use the rough in......‥‥.
Commander: ‥‥Class. From differents also hotel in and through you and is you.⏎ Rewards what is promised? Slaves from? The territory for?⏎ What is no wonder?
Rans: Differents with you.⏎ Taken! Differents from the hotel where lords and throughout the game.
Commander: Such‥‥talking good. But the conditions there.
Rans: Conditions? This term and condition is called Status think of!
Commander: Oh, the back of the hand and the like, is the last to leave from me!⏎ Come on! Monsters with!
Ledyn: I!? The demon here.
Rans: Differents from the darkness of the army and is‥‥Medal of pride away from!
Leticia: Plus, we hand out not!
Commander: Oh, that would be! But‥‥!
Betty: I‥‥!?
Rans: Betty!‥‥ Right there!?
Betty: Online white girls!
Commander: Thus sister, if you win is another story going! Die,the just!
Leticia: Differents あ あ あ あ!
Commander: I knew‥‥many,many‥‥however, the mission is played‥‥.
Ledyn: Online! I'll be at! Online!
Rans: Demo‥‥Empire, and,still‥‥.⏎ His Majesty lost,nobles of the gas is out,⏎Her Majesty's the harm in that darkness, and through which‥‥.
Ledyn: Online! I speak not! Immediately treatment‥‥!
Rans: Ask‥‥listen‥‥!⏎ People‥‥Medal of the people,save it‥‥.⏎ And before it,ask your‥‥I admitted,and before,but‥‥.
Ledyn: You've gone above and beyond what I hoped for. Should be a single of people is to save that,so‥‥!
Rans: ‥‥Thank you,demo‥‥.
Ledyn: ‥‥People, saving‥‥what a heavy word‥‥.⏎ Civil war was involved in the hotel of the Lords who may not know.⏎ I think to the king or to the qualifications of the‥‥?
Betty: Lady your. Looking for you.
Ledyn: Betty temple‥‥why are you here?
Betty: I'm reading We all hold out and claim it.⏎ Yet received anything or not.
Ledyn: That promise is invalid. I Online I couldn't save‥‥⏎far from it,our hotel Lords to hunt down that⏎complicit as‥‥.
Betty: Not matter.⏎ I'm helping to ask,you are indeed a brother to help us.⏎ The result is what it is all.
Ledyn: ‥‥You are strong, would‥‥.
Betty: ‥‥There is no such a thing.
Civilian: Directed by: by! Only,not escape it!
Ledyn: Directed by: what? This place, too!
Betty: The Empire is rough, the Dark Army appeared, the world is rough all.
Ledyn: ‥‥This, too, the upheavals and the impact of this.⏎ 一宿一飯 of favor may,directed by: such as the village of the trolls not!
Betty: My companion was right.
Ledyn: This in the end? I also‥‥.
Ledyn: Now 太刀筋‥‥.
Betty: Just had a great film.
Ledyn: And‥‥but,it definitely is‥‥.
Theft: Just get some delay! I still minutes left to!
Theft: Unexpected resistance to,and cooperation with God!
Theft: It is not! You are a brave piece and fun as I do!
Ledyn: Reinforcements from‥‥pretty big directed by: troupe of would‥‥.
Rias: Betty we!
Betty: To live? It Leticia also. What is it?
Leticia: Our place do not go, please!⏎ Plus your not now, you are our Lord of all!
Betty: Different. I was reading your conversation and commitment.⏎ So, you guys are my main and back straight,⏎lady-like under the command to go there.
Ledyn: I‥‥Betty temple!?
Betty: Betty is fine,lady-like.⏎ It is,to live,Leticia.⏎ You guys, how about you? Disgusting they can leave.
Rias: I don't like about no such thing.
Leticia: Balance your day in the media we are indebted again. Willing to serve you.
01: The street led down into it.
01: Leticia's command and came under!
Ledyn: Directed by: such as losing is not!
Betty: If your will follow me.
Rias: I,there.
Leticia: Instructions Please!
Nost boss: Gold still! Sake only! Slut! Steal all the best weapons.
Ledyn: People struck reward that she received there.
Betty: Ugly directed by: such as,tore up!
Rias: I was class of our lieutenants was!
Leticia: Unless you want to die warding off good!
Nost boss: I from!? Who on here?
Civilian: Directed by: Please,help data!
Civilian: We don't come in!
Civilian: Or,help!
Civilian: So,someone game.
Theft: Away! Kill!
Theft: I‥‥Everyone!
Theft: Just get some pain and‥‥
Betty: Lady-like,white girls‥‥I'm sorry‥‥.
Rias: Feet No, I'm sorry‥‥.
Leticia: ‥‥Sorry.
Civilian: Oh, and don‥‥
Civilian: Want to die,not‥‥
Nost boss: The‥‥not them, not‥‥
Ledyn: Alive directed by: is that it?
Betty: Here and just.
Ledyn: Your sword muscle‥‥directed by: of own not the.⏎ The answer of course,differents from who you‥‥. The answer is not‥‥!
Theft: I!? This,to answer! And,we are the Lords of the private army game.
Ledyn: Lords and the region of it?
Theft: And,it! The United States, and⏎tax payments to uncooperative village or have,⏎Lord your‥‥! Directed by: in the attack have been‥‥!
Ledyn: It differents from such things‥‥! Should protect the people to the sword for life.
Theft: See like,anything away all I heard from it‥‥!
Ledyn: Shut up!
Theft: I あ あ あ あ あ!‥‥ I knew‥‥.
Ledyn: This is the‥‥This is the hotel of such!⏎ Your father is proud,as the ship came Is this so!
Betty: Reading your‥‥.
Ledyn: Online‥‥I do you.⏎ Their own people can save not.⏎ Empire is not the only‥‥anymore, your hotel also,I have‥‥.
Betty: ‥‥You can change it.⏎ It is in the hands of what is?⏎ That is the power of your desire ideal, not the power?
Ledyn: I manually change‥‥? This the in‥‥.
Betty: So. You lament things such as anyone can be.⏎ Well, something could change,⏎have the power to only those who have the privilege of that. Like you.
Ledyn: My‥‥way forward is‥‥.
Albart: True, but‥‥reading your‥‥
Sone: True. Hawking publicly until the last resistance was manually.
Albart: Nothing was taken from The‥‥believe it or not‥‥.
Chris: Reading Your‥‥as we had‥‥?
Taylor: Went back why.
Albart: Taylor! The Prince of a state is!
Taylor: You,just not. Maybe not.⏎ At least you can persuade like atmosphere without the fragment was.
Narm: That‥‥.
Taylor: I have been too,so in a fit of delusion, and was wandering from place to place when⏎traitor the Lords of the Prince's would like to village and struck them.⏎ This country is also corrupt or not.
Albart: Yeah, the Lords and and tear you to pieces and want to go!
Taylor: It also already 王子本 in the hands of those who killed you.⏎ Site is down before you.⏎‥‥ Live in 寸刻 only from. Cruel is not.
Narm: So‥‥Prince so things should‥‥!
Taylor: Doubt see with my own eyes as I do.‥‥ It comes in a can.
Jessica: You of the of Shine‥‥but the potential power of the sword to his own product!?
Ledyn: Your hotel and its officers and soldiers to put down. I have one of their own was abandoned.⏎ No longer a Prince, otherwise, ally is not.⏎‥‥ I left to destroy!
Chris: Reading Your‥‥is‥‥.
Narm: Lie, it is not a holiday!?
Ledyn: Thus, Miren officers and the Asmodian Miren staff officers, collect evidence and gimmicks that! Today is global data logged in the last day!
Ledyn: ‥‥This is my selection of the results‥‥.
Shika: Deer! Deer! Kill!!
Albart: Why the deer tribe is!? No way, Prince is the deer tribe and also‥‥!?
Betty: It will be over. Fully Rampage game.
Shika: To the United States!
Ledyn: Your hotel to destroy! That determination is wavering thing is not!
Betty: If your will follow me.
Rias: I,there.
Leticia: Instructions Please!
Narm: Prince‥‥as‥‥
Jessica: Prince what made you choose‥‥
Chris: Reading your‥‥
Taylor: I can't remember so, damn it.
Sone: Hawking publicly of the harm is of them.
Albart: No way, the Prince and fight things that are not.
Narm: Now, fight!
Jessica: Prince‥‥
Chris: ‥‥
Taylor: And that we are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think or why!
Sone: So お お お お お!
Albart: Prince‥‥why, to defend the homeland, destroy, etc!
Shika: Deer! Deer! Kill!!
Ledyn: Whoever you may be, disturbed or not!
Betty: The way open!
Rias: Attack!
Leticia: Go!
Shika: Show up!
Chris: This is not a thing, not‥‥.
Narm: I knew! Prince‥‥!
Ledyn: Nam,I not a Prince. Just like in the game.
Civilian: Nam your and escape please!
Narm: Prince‥‥go! I do not give up!
Jessica: The of light‥‥
Ledyn: Jessica, and also my way to disturb it?
Jessica: ‥‥It's light, and the Prince has the power of pulling out of it.
Ledyn: The I want to use it.⏎ All in order to change the way, for me, for help, as well.
Jessica: So‥‥.
Civilian: Jessica your! This is a retreat you can!
Jessica: Yeah, it is leave it.
Taylor: Well,I've been a why‥‥.
Sone: Hawking publicly‥‥I'm sorry.
Albart: We where in the wrong from the‥‥file Zack your‥‥.
Betty: Lady-like,white girls‥‥I'm sorry‥‥.
Rias: Feet No, I'm sorry‥‥.
Leticia: ‥‥Sorry.
Shika: God and my body to the lens. Show up!
Chris: Lady-like,How Are you?⏎ One of the lady Your with‥‥.
Ledyn: Chris, I already chose the path.⏎ All right, for the only way.⏎ So, I guess I'll just stop that there.
Chris: ‥‥Reading your‥‥.
Ledyn: The prison in. So that you don't Miss A to.
Rias: ‥‥Okay.
Ledyn: ‥‥‥‥.
Betty: Crying, why?
Ledyn: Tears such as the most and abandoned.⏎ Certainly to the mind cavity, I also feel that and that only.⏎ Then, look at this course.
Betty: The Is, More Light is increasing‥‥!?
Ledyn: Further to feel the power.⏎ My heart to fill,the IS Shine to.⏎ So, so wrong no. I regret the decision or not.
Chris: Lady-like,How Are you?⏎ One of the lady Your with‥‥.
Ledyn: Chris, I already chose the path.⏎ All right, for the only way.⏎ So, I guess I'll just stop that there.
Chris: ‥‥Reading your‥‥.
Ledyn: ‥‥Even if you,Chris. But I have to confess, I love this app!!!
Chris: ‥‥Oh my!? Demo‥‥, and‥‥‥‥.
Ledyn: ‥‥‥‥.
Betty: Zan was of it.‥‥. Crying, why?
Ledyn: Tears such as the most and abandoned.⏎ Certainly to the mind cavity, I also feel that and that only.⏎ Then, look at this course.
Betty: The Is, More Light is increasing‥‥!?
S1: Further to feel the power.⏎ My heart to fill,the IS Shine to.
S2: So, so wrong no. I regret the decision or not.⏎‥‥ Way back, such as the already not so.
Rias: Really and to?
Leticia: Download space attack for‥‥
Ledyn: I'm already back roads is not.⏎ With come, from one army to leave you.
Rias: ‥‥.
Leticia: ‥‥.
Betty: I will not leave me.⏎ You go the way that is my way.⏎ It is, no matter how smeared with blood, and that does not matter.
Ledyn: ‥‥It is....
Betty: You,lady-like. Collection of your out of.
S1: Listen! Download list of officers and men and more!⏎ My name is Lane! Hotel Royal last 1 person in⏎back to destroy the new king of the Kingdom and those who just!
S2: Our is this more space to occupy!⏎ We follow things in favor of those who, taking the sword from there.
Ledyn: Halfway down that would become‥‥regrets still‥‥
Betty: Lady-like,recede it. Sorry.
Rias: Dismissed you.‥‥.
Leticia: Temporary withdrawal you.‥‥.
Rias: ‥‥Go!? Some, sure‥‥!
Leticia: Not win‥‥even,then it is!
Commander: I‥‥download system defend the castle yet! The country was destroyed not so!
Rias: Country perish‥‥.
Betty: To live,and?
Rias: For example‥‥
Commander: And they don't!⏎ Media Gothic Majesty of the created Empire,⏎this Pirates most to lose by not!
Leticia: ‥‥Indigo Child,balance your‥‥
Commander: I‥‥be differents from!? Indeed,online your‥‥?
Rias: ‥‥Back to work!!!
Commander: Empire‥‥destroy all of that,plus your wishes‥‥but‥‥ugh!
Rias: ‥‥Leticia.
Leticia: ‥‥Yeah, I know that.
Rias: Online, the people they have saved and said.⏎ It is Empire to destroy things when I just want!
Leticia: I'm the same! To save people the sword will balance your wish for one!
Rias: We are,the more ready to draw the bow!⏎ 帝国兵, as the last of the guts of life as you experience every emotion this great sport has to offer!
Leticia: The whole army,chartering and more! The enemy is lady like!
01: Ryan has betrayed him.
01: Leticia is betrayed him.
Ledyn: This battle in space to destroy! Not only to me, continue!
Betty: If your will follow me.
Rias: How do such a thing‥‥
Leticia: Online Your‥‥we‥‥
Commander: Download Empire and defend it.
Commander: You can be the proud power of the Empire,and that!
Commander: PC.
Ledyn: Whoever you may be, disturbed or not!
Betty: The way open!
Rias: The battle was not of the lovely lady
Leticia: He sure‥‥please!
Commander: So お お お お お!
Commander: The losing of!
Commander: Imperial officers and soldiers not to!
Commander: Indigo children even if‥‥
Commander: Download Empire Hooray!
Commander: The country‥‥navigation system‥‥
Rias: I is download Empire the game.
Leticia: Online your wish of us!
Rias: I lost or not!
Leticia: Your opponent is anyone,twice with the sword to the blunt side of the line.
Betty: The street,Leticia‥‥goodbye.
Ledyn: ‥‥Regret it?
Betty: No, there is no such a thing.
Ledyn: You‥‥I'm really not wrong wonder‥‥?⏎ Home to trample,from the comrades of the sword, I 1 those who have‥‥⏎I feel is the most painful thing is‥‥.
Betty: Still, I just lady-like with tea.⏎ Until the end,you were alone in not over.
Ledyn: ‥‥Thank you, Betty.⏎ And a little‥‥and little.⏎ This is at the expense of all don't waste‥‥. The following is the‥‥the darkness and settled well.
Rias: ‥‥In this double system is destroyed. Satisfied?
Leticia: We are still of the Empire fought for. No relenting.
Betty: So‥‥if the determination is made that can be done.
Rias: ‥‥I!?‥‥ Would‥‥.
Leticia: ‥‥Oh!?‥‥ Plus,your‥‥.
Betty: Goodbye‥‥live,Leticia.⏎ This got to the,white girls get along well and do not.
Ledyn: ‥‥Regret it? One fellow,a friend to the game was that‥‥.
Betty: No, there is no such a thing.⏎ It is I, you and‥‥Lady YOUR the same from.
Ledyn: ‥‥This is,with all this and not me?
Betty: What they do not. Reading the customer along with the⏎the same sin again even shouldering it.⏎ I have it ready I do it?
Ledyn: ‥‥You did not. If there's nothing else to say or do.⏎ The darkness still,go Betty.
Betty: Yeah, great film.
Bosel: My name is diesel.⏎ This Velcro jelly of,no, the ruler of the whole world yet.
Ledyn: And meet your‥‥and the darkness of the armies of the length you.
Bosel: Human as well can‥‥⏎no, man,really human?
Ledyn: What do you mean. I am a person other than the look of it?
Bosel: ‥‥And humans, I do not think the property was not.⏎ That the also,in the Curse of the religions of the miasma that⏎been depicted. Like most blood sucking was not‥‥frame file,funny.
Ledyn: Too soon this sword to rust and.
Bosel: ハ ハ ハ ハ ハ! Darkness before dashing and more!⏎ Far be it from! The killing can not!
Ledyn: Halfway down that would become‥‥regrets still‥‥
Bosel: Hanging or not! Out in. New release!
Nicollis: Yes, a room!⏎ The evil demon also, my response to the call for me.
In: !!!!
In: GUEEEE!
In: GUEEEE!
Betty: Lady-like,enemy reinforcements come.
Ledyn: Unsightly‥‥.
Bosel: Hanging or not! Out in. New release!
Bosel: ‥‥Why?? Why‥‥'s how it was!?
Ledyn: The dingy darkness of the hand such as to read about.
Bosel: Not yet‥‥!?
Ledyn: The idea of it. Today is the differents of death only.
Bosel: Off from the laugh.⏎ Poison is poison, and darkness with darkness to control that.⏎ Differents,already dark dyed you have not.
Ledyn: Nonsense to. I was misled and waste.⏎ This sword is movie Sword, the the light would.
Bosel: What a difference. That sword is no longer the light not the‥‥moreover, it is not the same thing.⏎ Our and darkness covered a lot most of the,darkness deeper than the darkness‥‥⏎it is AGO!
Ledyn: I am the darkness and the‥‥?
S1: It! Of darkness army of length, this Prince of darkness box diesel even⏎prospects don't have to nearly die to get to the abyss of darkness! No such persons exist that is!⏎ Click‥‥this so people of the world is interesting!
Ledyn: Differents killing all to get them in the darkness, in anything dyed, and have been.⏎ Prepared for the course,volume of diesel!
Bosel: The things that!⏎ If you come about the abyss of darkness messenger of more.
S1: I‥‥just in and out!
S2: The void of darkness within the false to the deceased by.⏎ Our compact, according to thy power to show.⏎ End system,Manuel,chaos. The movie, the core!
Ledyn: ‥‥What was it?
Nicollis: Not yet‥‥said,my hallucinations of the surgery is not work!?
Ledyn: Useless if you do‥‥return to the earth with it!
Nicollis: I あ あ あ あ‥‥ball is in your‥‥.
Bosel: And‥‥得心 he was.
Ledyn: So what's the.
Bosel: New risk of surgery only. It is in my power to based on.⏎ It is not effective, and in fact,⏎differents of Light who must,for it is not human.
Ledyn: Nonsense to. I was misled and waste.⏎ This sword is movie Sword, the the light would.
Bosel: What a difference. That sword is no longer the light not the‥‥⏎moreover, it is not the same thing. Our and darkness covered a lot of the less⏎darkness deeper than the darkness‥‥it is AGO!
Ledyn: I am the darkness and the‥‥?
S1: It!⏎ Of darkness army of length, this Prince of darkness box diesel even⏎prospects don't have to nearly die to get to the abyss of darkness!
S2: No such persons exist that is!⏎ Click‥‥this so people of the world is interesting!
Ledyn: Differents killing all to get them in the darkness, in anything dyed, and have been.⏎ Prepared for the course,volume of diesel!
Bosel: The things that!⏎ If you come about the abyss of darkness messenger of more.
Ledyn: Finally,this came up. I am the darkness‥‥destroy!
Betty: If your will follow me.
Nicollis: The box diesel is no one near them not!
Bosel: My the darkness of God alone.
Ledyn: Whoever you may be, disturbed or not!
Betty: The way open!
Nicollis: This is the differents of the grave in one!
Bosel: Darkness to rule all of those forces, I know!
Undead: ‥‥‥‥
L: GUGUGUUU‥‥
M: KYYY‥‥
Undead: ‥‥‥‥
Man: GUEEEE‥‥
Man: GUEEEE‥‥
In: GYOGYOOO!
In: GAEEEN!
In: !!!!
Betty: Lady-like,recede it. Sorry.
Nicollis: So‥‥I‥‥
Bosel: The‥‥House‥‥hard ha ha ha!
Undead: ‥‥‥‥
L: GUGUGUUU‥‥
M: KYYY‥‥
Undead: ‥‥‥‥
Man: GUEEEE‥‥
Man: GUEEEE‥‥
Ledyn: Body, and differents of the loser.
Bosel: ‥‥Off,from,your‥‥.
Ledyn: That's all mine was.
Bosel: Power only,all‥‥follow from.⏎ That arrogant God still‥‥chief‥‥.
Ledyn: It was remember not.
Bosel: No, differents that‥‥chaos incarnate, a curse of the God child would‥‥.⏎ In this world, where chaos,destruction, despair or shake is good!⏎ Hard hard ha ha‥‥!
Betty: ‥‥Died for me.
Ledyn: Oh, this is a good‥‥reached.⏎ All required to change the location.⏎ From here just. This all got to start‥‥!
Betty: Congratulations, lady-like.
Ledyn: The‥‥ハ ハ ハ ハ ハ!!
Betty: Lady-like,rebellion.
Ledyn: ‥‥It is.... Sad if you know what I mean,not understood as.⏎ However, I and many die.
Betty: And what we do know.
Ledyn: Oh, and with want to come.
Narm: The Prince and two Prince is not.
Jessica: I have a......⏎ The with more than this, not in the darkness of Ecclesiastes.⏎ And this is zero or more.
Chris: Lady your just‥‥.
Narm: Sad as the current situation does not change we.⏎ We,the Prince, and avenge,once again back to back.
Rias: Option also,available.
Narm: It was so pretty.⏎ From the darkness to the opponent, not as the Prince against⏎or Double Action Army with a lot‥‥.
Leticia: It 形勢有利 say no.⏎ Here is the site again.
Narm: I remember that. Even if we lose, the Prince can compete with forces no.⏎ Here,let's end!
Ledyn: Come‥‥if they cant pay only!
Ledyn: ‥‥The end‥‥
Taylor: So,Prince. Almost three months!
Ledyn: Taylor, live from‥‥.
Taylor: I only play as the market price is determined to.
Ledyn: Then I picked up life is what it came to?
Taylor: What determined way.⏎ With the Prince to defeat came to me.
Shika: To the United States!
Ledyn: The deer tribe to mate into it.
Taylor: The Prince only patent I want in.......⏎ Are you,or will or!
Commander: Idea Dono! The remaining Empire soldiers,all arrived!
Rias: This is not the same side to come good.
Rans: My intention is for you!⏎ Download system destroyed hated by you harm,⏎lady to the sword showered for you,this life also spare not!
Rias: I feel that he is, he's going to want more. I will do this! Empire troops‥‥!
Leticia: In action,the Empire troops do. We‥‥.
Rias: ‥‥That's right. The Imperial forces again,France squad! The last fight only!
Leticia: Betty, we here back from not going to it?
Betty: There is no end.
Leticia: That man is already chaos to the festivities,already online for your ideal from it.⏎ In it too?
Betty: It is your view immediately. I think the difference just.
Rans: If you can, Betty, and your battle was just‥‥.
Betty: Sweet things to say things not said. This is the battlefield. And I you our enemy.⏎ This is mercy no more.
Leticia: Okay. If you will, and determination. Online your for this and apologize immediately.
Betty: Oh, that our class white girls at,Send I just.⏎‥‥ Come and see!
Narm: The Prince,and I can‥‥.
Ledyn: Nam from. It to Chris and Jessica‥‥.
Chris: Our thing to know is there. But why do they‥‥.
Ledyn: The necessary things so well. Doeth this world, to purge and reform.
Narm: For that one fellow even kill you!
Ledyn: One of the fellows that Zan is dead. Break for information to throw away!
Jessica: Prince, you already have the darkness than the presence of dangerous and.
Ledyn: Balls to say it. I am the chaos incarnate and not.
Narm: Our Prince Zan and more. Hotel for.
Ledyn: Would be nice. And that is good.
Ledyn: Who the opponent would‥‥stop is not!
Betty: I,lady-like along with would like to continue.
Narm: This sword, the Prince to avenge our play!
Chris: How to do it!
Taylor: Today I pull no punches, you can't!
Jessica: The way they bake destroy you.
Rias: I lost or not!
Leticia: Your opponent is anyone,twice with the sword to the blunt side of the line.
Commander: Dead down list and logos for the Emperor!
Ledyn: Die is good!
Betty: Die!
Narm: The Prince,and prepared!
Chris: Reading your‥‥I must stop it.
Taylor: This time not lose the thread. The opponent is a Prince too!
Jessica: A new darkness is the Prince, I'm the darkness to avenge!
Rias: Download system recovery for!
Leticia: Online customers,watch out!
Shika: Deer! Deer! Kill!!
Commander: Our anger it!
Commander: Dead down list and logos for the Emperor!
Narm: ‥‥Prince, and Zack your‥‥and you was to‥‥return from‥were‥.
Chris: I'm Sorry‥‥Not‥‥.
Jessica: ‥‥This form‥‥end,to greet‥‥'t‥‥.
Taylor: To‥‥I love‥‥fancy‥‥the‥but‥.
Rias: And you did,but‥‥. Online your‥‥only,not‥‥.
Leticia: Online your‥‥now,we‥‥.
Betty: ‥‥Reading your‥‥
Shika: God and my body to the lens. Show up!
Commander: ‥‥Empire,hurrah‥‥
Commander: ‥‥Empire,hurrah‥‥
Shika: Show up!
Ledyn: ‥‥This is,I stepped from the results.
Betty: Yeah, great film.
Ledyn: All to end the fighting,corruption was all right,⏎wielded the sword came with a⏎as one of the companions in the fight for‥‥.
Betty: People,as long as people fight, cause that doesn't work.
Ledyn: As long as people,whether‥‥.
Betty: Revenge is nothing more luscious than.⏎ For the cause, and often killing,slaughtering you, we⏎living for those with enemies like.
Ledyn: So‥‥them, but the connection cut off if you like.
Betty: Reading your‥‥?
Ledyn: People are people, as long as the fight happens.⏎ The fighting was born by the resentment the Battle of the produce.⏎ If all of the connection off, the person who can quit your‥‥.
Rias: Really and to?
Leticia: Download space attack for‥‥
Ledyn: I'm already back roads is not.⏎ With come, from one army to leave you.
Rias: ‥‥.
Leticia: ‥‥.
Betty: I will not leave me.⏎ You go the way that is my way.⏎ It is, no matter how smeared with blood, and that does not matter.
Ledyn: ‥‥It is....
Betty: You,lady-like. Collection of your out of.
S1: Listen! Download list of officers and men and more!⏎ My name is Lane! Hotel Royal last 1 person in⏎back to destroy the new king of the Kingdom and those who just!
S2: Our is this more space to occupy!⏎ We follow things in favor of those who, taking the sword from there.
Ledyn: Halfway down that would become‥‥regrets still‥‥
Betty: Lady-like,recede it. Sorry.
Rias: Dismissed you.‥‥.
Leticia: Temporary withdrawal you.‥‥.
Rias: ‥‥Go!? Some, sure‥‥!
Leticia: Not win‥‥even,then it is!
Commander: I‥‥download system defend the castle yet! The country was destroyed not so!
Rias: Country perish‥‥.
Betty: To live,and?
Rias: For example‥‥
Commander: And they don't!⏎ Media Gothic Majesty of the created Empire,⏎this Pirates most to lose by not!
Leticia: ‥‥Indigo Child,balance your‥‥
Commander: I‥‥be differents from!? Indeed,online your‥‥?
Rias: ‥‥Back to work!!!
Commander: Empire‥‥destroy all of that,plus your wishes‥‥but‥‥ugh!
Rias: ‥‥Leticia.
Leticia: ‥‥Yeah, I know that.
Rias: Online, the people they have saved and said.⏎ It is Empire to destroy things when I just want!
Leticia: I'm the same! To save people the sword will balance your wish for one!
Rias: We are,the more ready to draw the bow!⏎ 帝国兵, as the last of the guts of life as you experience every emotion this great sport has to offer!
Leticia: The whole army,chartering and more! The enemy is lady like!
01: Ryan has betrayed him.
01: Leticia is betrayed him.
Ledyn: This battle in space to destroy! Not only to me, continue!
Betty: If your will follow me.
Rias: How do such a thing‥‥
Leticia: Online Your‥‥we‥‥
Commander: Download Empire and defend it.
Commander: You can be the proud power of the Empire,and that!
Commander: PC.
Ledyn: Whoever you may be, disturbed or not!
Betty: The way open!
Rias: The battle was not of the lovely lady
Leticia: He sure‥‥please!
Commander: So お お お お お!
Commander: The losing of!
Commander: Imperial officers and soldiers not to!
Commander: Indigo children even if‥‥
Commander: Download Empire Hooray!
Commander: The country‥‥navigation system‥‥
Rias: I is download Empire the game.
Leticia: Online your wish of us!
Rias: I lost or not!
Leticia: Your opponent is anyone,twice with the sword to the blunt side of the line.
Betty: The street,Leticia‥‥goodbye.
Ledyn: ‥‥Regret it?
Betty: No, there is no such a thing.
Ledyn: You‥‥I'm really not wrong wonder‥‥?⏎ Home to trample,from the comrades of the sword, I 1 those who have‥‥⏎I feel is the most painful thing is‥‥.
Betty: Still, I just lady-like with tea.⏎ Until the end,you were alone in not over.
Ledyn: ‥‥Thank you, Betty.⏎ And a little‥‥and little.⏎ This is at the expense of all don't waste‥‥. The following is the‥‥the darkness and settled well.
Rias: ‥‥In this double system is destroyed. Satisfied?
Leticia: We are still of the Empire fought for. No relenting.
Betty: So‥‥if the determination is made that can be done.
Rias: ‥‥I!?‥‥ Would‥‥.
Leticia: ‥‥Oh!?‥‥ Plus,your‥‥.
Betty: Goodbye‥‥live,Leticia.⏎ This got to the,white girls get along well and do not.
Ledyn: ‥‥Regret it? One fellow,a friend to the game was that‥‥.
Betty: No, there is no such a thing.⏎ It is I, you and‥‥Lady YOUR the same from.
Ledyn: ‥‥This is,with all this and not me?
Betty: What they do not. Reading the customer along with the⏎the same sin again even shouldering it.⏎ I have it ready I do it?
Ledyn: ‥‥You did not. If there's nothing else to say or do.⏎ The darkness still,go Betty.
Betty: Yeah, great film.
Bosel: My name is diesel.⏎ This Velcro jelly of,no, the ruler of the whole world yet.
Ledyn: And meet your‥‥and the darkness of the armies of the length you.
Bosel: Human as well can‥‥⏎no, man,really human?
Ledyn: What do you mean. I am a person other than the look of it?
Bosel: ‥‥And humans, I do not think the property was not.⏎ That the also,in the Curse of the religions of the miasma that⏎been depicted. Like most blood sucking was not‥‥frame file,funny.
Ledyn: Too soon this sword to rust and.
Bosel: ハ ハ ハ ハ ハ! Darkness before dashing and more!⏎ Far be it from! The killing can not!
Ledyn: Halfway down that would become‥‥regrets still‥‥
Bosel: Hanging or not! Out in. New release!
Nicollis: Yes, a room!⏎ The evil demon also, my response to the call for me.
In: !!!!
In: GUEEEE!
In: GUEEEE!
Betty: Lady-like,enemy reinforcements come.
Ledyn: Unsightly‥‥.
Bosel: Hanging or not! Out in. New release!
Bosel: ‥‥Why?? Why‥‥'s how it was!?
Ledyn: The dingy darkness of the hand such as to read about.
Bosel: Not yet‥‥!?
Ledyn: The idea of it. Today is the differents of death only.
Bosel: Off from the laugh.⏎ Poison is poison, and darkness with darkness to control that.⏎ Differents,already dark dyed you have not.
Ledyn: Nonsense to. I was misled and waste.⏎ This sword is movie Sword, the the light would.
Bosel: What a difference. That sword is no longer the light not the‥‥moreover, it is not the same thing.⏎ Our and darkness covered a lot most of the,darkness deeper than the darkness‥‥⏎it is AGO!
Ledyn: I am the darkness and the‥‥?
S1: It! Of darkness army of length, this Prince of darkness box diesel even⏎prospects don't have to nearly die to get to the abyss of darkness! No such persons exist that is!⏎ Click‥‥this so people of the world is interesting!
Ledyn: Differents killing all to get them in the darkness, in anything dyed, and have been.⏎ Prepared for the course,volume of diesel!
Bosel: The things that!⏎ If you come about the abyss of darkness messenger of more.
S1: I‥‥just in and out!
S2: The void of darkness within the false to the deceased by.⏎ Our compact, according to thy power to show.⏎ End system,Manuel,chaos. The movie, the core!
Ledyn: ‥‥What was it?
Nicollis: Not yet‥‥said,my hallucinations of the surgery is not work!?
Ledyn: Useless if you do‥‥return to the earth with it!
Nicollis: I あ あ あ あ‥‥ball is in your‥‥.
Bosel: And‥‥得心 he was.
Ledyn: So what's the.
Bosel: New risk of surgery only. It is in my power to based on.⏎ It is not effective, and in fact,⏎differents of Light who must,for it is not human.
Ledyn: Nonsense to. I was misled and waste.⏎ This sword is movie Sword, the the light would.
Bosel: What a difference. That sword is no longer the light not the‥‥moreover, it is not the same thing.⏎ Our and darkness covered a lot most of the,darkness deeper than the darkness‥‥⏎it is AGO!
Ledyn: I am the darkness and the‥‥?
S1: It!⏎ Of darkness army of length, this Prince of darkness box diesel even⏎prospects don't have to nearly die to get to the abyss of darkness!
S2: No such persons exist that is!⏎ Click‥‥this so people of the world is interesting!
Ledyn: Differents killing all to get them in the darkness, in anything dyed, and have been.⏎ Prepared for the course,volume of diesel!
Bosel: The things that!⏎ If you come about the abyss of darkness messenger of more.
Ledyn: Finally,this came up. I am the darkness‥‥destroy!
Betty: If your will follow me.
Nicollis: The box diesel is no one near them not!
Bosel: My the darkness of God alone.
Ledyn: Whoever you may be, disturbed or not!
Betty: The way open!
Nicollis: This is the differents of the grave in one!
Bosel: Darkness to rule all of those forces, I know!
Undead: ‥‥‥‥
L: GUGUGUUU‥‥
M: KYYY‥‥
Undead: ‥‥‥‥
Man: GUEEEE‥‥
Man: GUEEEE‥‥
In: GYOGYOOO!
In: GAEEEN!
In: !!!!
Betty: Lady-like,recede it. Sorry.
Nicollis: So‥‥I‥‥
Bosel: The‥‥House‥‥hard ha ha ha!
Undead: ‥‥‥‥
L: GUGUGUUU‥‥
M: KYYY‥‥
Undead: ‥‥‥‥
Man: GUEEEE‥‥
Man: GUEEEE‥‥
Ledyn: Body, and differents of the loser.
Bosel: ‥‥Off,from,your‥‥.
Ledyn: That's all mine was.
Bosel: Power only,all‥‥follow from.⏎ That arrogant God still‥‥chief‥‥.
Ledyn: It was remember not.
Bosel: No, differents that‥‥chaos incarnate, a curse of the God child would‥‥.⏎ In this world, where chaos,destruction, despair or shake is good!⏎ Hard hard ha ha‥‥!
Betty: ‥‥Died for me.
Ledyn: Oh, this is a good‥‥reached.⏎ All required to change the location.⏎ From here just. This all got to start‥‥!
Betty: Congratulations, lady-like.
Ledyn: The‥‥ハ ハ ハ ハ ハ!!
Betty: Lady-like,rebellion.
Ledyn: ‥‥It is.... And this happened‥‥.⏎ Apparently the desire for the world, and prepared to decide from.⏎ The last and the greatest determination‥‥.
Betty: And what we do know.
Ledyn: Oh, and just to with want to come. The end with all this.
Narm: The Prince and two Prince is not.
Jessica: I have a......⏎ The with more than this, not in the darkness of Ecclesiastes.⏎ And this is zero or more.
Narm: We,the Prince, and avenge,once again back to back.
Jessica: Yeah, let's do it.
Ledyn: Come‥‥if they cant pay only!
Ledyn: ‥‥The end‥‥
Taylor: So,Prince. Almost three months!
Ledyn: Taylor, live from‥‥.
Taylor: I only play as the market price is determined to.
Ledyn: Then I picked up life is what it came to?
Taylor: What determined way.⏎ With the Prince to defeat came to me.
Shika: To the United States!
Ledyn: The deer tribe to mate into it.
Taylor: The Prince only patent I want in.......⏎ Are you,or will or!
Commander: Nam builders! The remaining Empire soldiers,all arrived!
Narm: Thank you‥‥do you, too, have a hand to lend, be not.
Commander: My intention is for you! Download system destroyed hated by you harm,⏎lady to the sword showered for you,this life also spare not!
Narm: ‥‥Yeah. We can and will.
Commander: OK in there!
Commander: Nam builders! The remaining Empire soldiers,all arrived!
Narm: The Prince,and I can‥‥.
Ledyn: Nam and Jessica from‥‥.
Jessica: Prince,why are you doing this to‥‥.
Ledyn: The necessary things so well. Doeth this world, to purge and reform.
Narm: For that one fellow even kill you!
Ledyn: One of the fellows that Zan is dead. Break for information to throw away!
Jessica: Prince, you already have the darkness than the presence of dangerous and.
Ledyn: Balls to say it. I am the chaos incarnate and not.
Narm: Our Prince Zan and more. Hotel for.
Ledyn: Would be nice. And that is good.
Chaos: My name is chaos. Awesome Chaos Lord only.
Ledyn: Chaos‥‥?
Chaos: The chaos of the Church of God that we do.⏎ The world of chaos to desire, we follow you.
Betty: You can appear rude things said to me.
Ledyn: Oh, the chaos God?⏎ If you kill, I new God was going to do.⏎ The new world,except me of God or not!
Chaos: Funny, the chaos embodies let those who‥‥you,we do!
Chaos: The world‥‥balance your‥‥. The,pacifier, and so we‥‥.
Lusiris: ‥‥Chaos, and a losing of it. God's defeat and the‥‥.
Ledyn: Differents who are you? A mediator only?
Lusiris: My name is in the system. On the ground in the light of the goddess being referred to.
Ledyn: Chaos God of the light of the goddess. God is well spare them.
Lusiris: Lady, you are to this world what we want from‥‥?
Ledyn: All, release from the fray that from happening again is not the creation of the world only.⏎ For that, I have all of the life-destroying!
Lusiris: ‥‥'t want to‥‥!?⏎ And, then you could be the biggest threat‥‥⏎our name,people of the world to be eliminated.
Ledyn: Who the opponent would‥‥stop is not!
Betty: I,lady-like along with would like to continue.
Narm: The Prince,and prepared!
Taylor: This time not lose the thread. The opponent is a Prince too!
Jessica: A new darkness is the Prince, I'm the darkness to avenge!
Chaos: My name is chaos‥‥.
Lusiris: Of the goddess of light in the name‥‥
Commander: Dead down list and logos for the Emperor!
Ledyn: Die is good!
Betty: Die!
Narm: This sword, the Prince to avenge our play!
Taylor: Today I pull no punches, you can't!
Jessica: The way they bake destroy you.
Shika: Deer! Deer! Kill!!
Commander: Our anger it!
Commander: Dead down list and logos for the Emperor!
Commander: Dead down list and logos for the Emperor!
Shika: Show up!
Chaos: Chaos embrace it!
Lusiris: The darkness destroy the light!
Narm: ‥‥Prince, and Zack your‥‥and you was to‥‥return from‥were‥.
Taylor: To‥‥I love‥‥fancy‥‥the‥but‥.
Jessica: ‥‥This form‥‥end,to greet‥‥'t‥‥.
Shika: God and my body to the lens. Show up!
Commander: ‥‥Empire,hurrah‥‥
Commander: ‥‥Empire,hurrah‥‥
Betty: ‥‥Reading your‥‥
Chaos: Japan,perish and‥‥?
Lusiris: So‥‥!?
Lusiris: So‥‥God of power,on the Times that I‥‥.
Ledyn: God is dead. The chaos God, the God of light also. So I have to disturb those who are not.
Betty: Lady your. And stunning you.
Ledyn: It's me, from all those who perish in an attempt to give think.⏎ People live longer too.⏎ I again start from the beginning, to perish I would accept.
Betty: Yeah, your wish is my desire. To end with it.
Ledyn: It.⏎ Last‥‥us other than all ruined at the time,and before I kill it.⏎ I am going to kill it. So, my wish is accomplished.
Betty: That dream of endless‥‥looking forward to.
Ledyn: Differents darkness of the long‥‥.
Bosel: So,welcome. The luminosity of the Scion more.⏎ My name is diesel.
Ledyn: Chris is everywhere!
Bosel: Hurry go ahead of their daughter in this city to spend it.⏎ Lady and said,this city what do you think?
Ledyn: This city‥‥? No, a normal city looks‥‥⏎today. The demon and the people‥‥coexist!?
Bosel: This man,⏎everyone and our hotel and the Empire oppressed,place without us.⏎ These people are, and thus living.
Ledyn: The Demon has hit people so hard to please! It is just like that‥‥.
Bosel: Hit the lot. I would like to from. Demon is just the darkness of the army and⏎called‥‥it is a demon to discipline, there⏎it can defend from the army for the past.
Ledyn: The Demon, the discipline‥‥?
Bosel: Think it was for? But,fact is Fact.⏎ In front of you to deny will not start.⏎ Well, the story is over. Daughter always leaves the good.
Ledyn: ‥‥Today. Really we would release it?⏎ If this is brought!
Bosel: We are of the truth, we also wanted to show just that. Declare is no.
Nicollis: Volume of diesel customers! The enemy's forces is imminent, and more.
Bosel: Smell from‥‥out of it.
Ledyn: ‥‥People and monsters coexist. Really like this place‥‥.⏎ No, now is not, and to bring him back they‥‥today.
Commander: The demon of the city! The demon of the city found each other! Attack drop!
Ledyn: It is‥‥Hotel in the military!? Well, I stopped it!
Ledyn: Is this where I die?‥‥I would‥‥.
Commander: The demon of the city, such as destroyed as!
Chris: So,the city troops‥‥.
Chris: I get it logged? Thank you.
In: GU!
Chris: This‥‥terrible! And please!
Commander: Oh, and before‥‥Demon ally from!
Chris: The people of this city also, the demon reached, or just lived quietly just!⏎ So‥‥!
Commander: Quiet living only? Huh, well it's not nonsense there!⏎ The demon side of you,and before you now!
Chris: Lady-like, this thing permit do not!
Commander: The demon side of taste, we have the Lord speaking! OK, not to kill!
Chris: I can あ あ あ あ‥‥.
Commander: The demon comrades and avenge took it.
Ledyn: Chris! I'll be at! Chris!
Commander: Lady-like! Stay safe from!
Chris: Media,your‥‥Oh, and finally, I suppose you have‥‥.⏎ The city‥‥everyone‥‥Help,help‥‥‥‥.
Ledyn: This is the‥‥This is the luminosity, the luminosity of his people, and so I think that from!
Commander: Lady your. Of those who are demons to the eaves was.⏎ Already the darkness been brainwashed to like.⏎ The darkness of who the opponent hesitate as it is not.
Ledyn: If you‥‥I don't hesitate as deserted as.
Commander: And Lady-like! When our Lord‥‥back to work!!! I あ あ あ あ I!?
Ledyn: The following is a nobody! Chris killed those who‥‥differents they killed it!
Bosel: ‥‥City,and from‥‥.
Nicollis: 別働隊 was in...... Volume of diesel customers,what would you do?
Nagya: What so not? Everyone killed by Hey?
Bosel: It. Irreverent humans as well, we have someone remind just.
Nicollis: Where in Los Angeles your. Ladies is what would you do?⏎ Apparently the run against one another to try to manually.
Nagya: Together with tidying up as is?
Bosel: No, salvation cannot. I once again invite.
Nicollis: Will.
M: That demon is just as fake! Don't be fooled!
Commander: This film here is not present! You fake to avenge us, that is.
Ledyn: Chris‥‥safe as well!
Ledyn: ‥‥1 person and missed out!
Bosel: The city destroyed reward‥‥their bodies to inscribe about.
Nicollis: Ball General your follow.
Nagya: Movie movie movie,Kill me.
Chris: This‥‥cruel‥‥.
Ledyn: Mess!
Ledyn: Chris‥‥everyone the pain of it!
Bosel: My hands had died from it and honors it seems.
Nicollis: Our way is death.
Nagya: No resistance please, Hey.
Chris: Reading your‥‥talisman, please!
Undead: GU‥‥
Bosel: From‥‥this I‥‥.
Nicollis: Volume of diesel customers,the temporary withdrawal for you.
Nagya: Instead, I lose to such as‥‥go!? Remember it!
Chris: I can あ あ あ あ‥‥.
Undead: GU‥‥
Commander: And it's from!
Commander: Also, it is not that‥‥.
Civilian: Advance!
Civilian: Cheeky!
Civilian: Immediate‥‥beanbag‥‥
Bosel: The who,died of. Of the city together with the person in mourning would‥‥.
Ledyn: ‥‥Chris! My daughter was‥‥!
Bosel: It seems not.⏎ Captive from the city of the person and also become familiar with me.⏎ The oppressed or those who are open mind the most lovely lady.
Ledyn: So, Chris,why did you die! Why killed!⏎ Who‥‥who I hate if you please!
Bosel: If you hate me for.⏎ I'm here to take this and if she die without it.
Ledyn: Volume of diesel was!
Nicollis: Volume of diesel we have!?
Bosel: The hands out! So, I was the ringleader so.⏎‥‥ Differents from the Guanghui who is,‥‥.
Ledyn: ‥‥Why‥‥why before the darkness long time.⏎ Bright people are killing people,due to the darkness and all pressed as to,⏎why you are so not! Hotel in not saying one word not!
Bosel: Japan, in the darkness of the long was that again? And before it would play.
Ledyn: ‥‥Length, from‥‥. I think the length is not‥‥it is a qualified no.
Bosel: If you like to be? The daughter of mourning from the. Is it the exile of himself and it?
Ledyn: Only 1,let it. And what is the purpose of that? Volume of diesel.
S1: All the darkness in the name of the cover to see anyone oppressed of the world to make me.⏎ People and monsters too, equality for all now.
S2: Fight if you have a good,conflict is good.⏎ But it is one-sided to someone who is from the oppressed that they do.
Ledyn: Peace is not it?
Bosel: Peace has no meaning. But wanton oppressed is different.⏎ People the demon even his own existence of BET,equal to the strife,⏎to survive that is chaotic ideals of.
Ledyn: ‥‥Its ideals, I also help as well.⏎ If this becomes a reality, and Chris killed that such things do not happen just?
Bosel: It. Unilateral force by the crown is allowed to do.⏎ Really good.⏎ The of hand to it, The 僥倖 but‥‥.
Ledyn: Oh, I‥‥the darkness of the army to join!
Bosel: Ladies, the enemy is coming.
Ledyn: Oh, look. Hotel military on space cooperation seems to have.
Bosel: ‥‥Fight that?
Ledyn: 愚問 only. Now I am the darkness of the General, the enemy is one of the associates even if the relationship is not.
Bosel: The‥‥heart, strong,and. You expected to ask you.⏎ This command of the troops to leave or not.
Ledyn: Before the commander in chief would be?
Bosel: I am the darkness of the long is that.⏎ However, the opponent is left with the option of Allied, if⏎commander and if you want to qualified just. We will lead you to victory, and the media.
Ledyn: ‥‥Did. Left like.
Ledyn: Is this where I die?‥‥I would‥‥.
Narm: As the Prince of darkness would‥‥.
Narm: Prince!
Ledyn: Nam from. Now the soldiers he going to do?
Narm: ‥‥How are you!?
Ledyn: I darkness of the future was from.⏎ Leave one if I can before we fight or not.
Narm: Fight by‥‥Prince!? Insane?!?
Ledyn: Oh, my of the will in General to cooperate with the decided.
Jessica: Operations can‥‥no that you have, right?
Ledyn: Of course you would.
Rans: Hey! Media Gothic Majesty of things when I'm not!⏎ The person manipulated by consciousness is not the only one.⏎ Presence or absence of said one defeat from his sanity and what not!
Narm: So, let me see! The Prince, always undo!
Rans: And,would! Lady is‥‥enemy turned and how!
Jessica: In the darkness‥‥brainwashed as you tag Your To-DOS.
Narm: The Prince and the fight is not‥‥.
Rans: It was! Minor scratches are unavoidable! Somehow alive to you.
Rans: Differents from! Bonus gallery! Media in brainwashing is the‥‥!
Nagya: Heh‥‥brainwashed as me.⏎ It is the individual will of our ally at the.
Rans: It definitely is! Differents, to defeat the lady to get back to!
Nagya: If it possible in...... Hey?⏎ However, the reality is that when than expected harsh to be in the Public Interest Registry registry database.
Rans: Demo‥‥doing so,and before.
Jessica: Prince,My Prince under the in addition to...... and
Ledyn: Jessica, seriously for?
Narm: What are you saying!
S1: Serious about this.⏎ Prince of the game‥‥that sword glow shows.
S2: Prince is manipulated, such as not,his own will in the darkness with you.⏎ If my Prince will along the way, I think.
Ledyn: The box diesel? Would it?
Bosel: What you like to do.
Ledyn: Jessica, it's not much to ask.
Jessica: Yes, I will.
Narm: So‥‥Jessica can turn into enemies in the background.
Ledyn: I of darkness the armies of the General,the lady still‥‥.
Bosel: I found this Prince of darkness, Bo diesel no.
Nicollis: Ball General your follow.
Nagya: Movie movie movie,Kill me.
Jessica: Prince‥‥.
Taylor: The troubling thing was that Hey‥‥.
Sone: Prince to help out with.
Narm: The Prince,now we will!
Jessica: ‥‥.
Taylor: Disturb my defeat as to why!
Sone: We're back to I'm not a great player by any means.
Rans: I continue to!
Ledyn: Fight of Mercy is not!
Bosel: My hands had died from it and honors it seems.
Nicollis: Our way is death.
Nagya: No resistance please, Hey.
Bosel: I think out of fierce resistance, received. This is a retreat like this.
Nicollis: Volume of diesel customers,the temporary withdrawal for you.
Nagya: Instead, I lose to such as‥‥go!? Remember it!
Narm: Prince‥‥well.
Jessica: ‥‥.
Taylor: This guy to me and it is me!
Sone: I just,this is what‥‥.
Rans: I'm losing some‥‥go!
Narm: The Prince,like! But if you handle it well, seven seconds are all you need to?
Ledyn: ‥‥Chris is dead. Hotel in soldiers by‥‥.
Narm: So, to take revenge and try‥‥!?
Ledyn: It is not the only one.⏎ Hotel is attacking the city, the demons and humans coexist and all......⏎ I figure that we should proceed future think‥‥.
Narm: I do not Wake up, please!
Taylor: Monsters get along, I can from? Yeah it is unreasonable, even to me.
Ledyn: So‥‥inner gap.
Nagya: Heh‥‥and call at the throne do? Lady your.
Ledyn: To leave our soldiers in the tailoring course.
Rans: I!? Playfully to your collection!⏎ Differents,you know that!
Ledyn: Oh, I know that.‥‥ After leaving the.
Rans: Differents‥‥down thanks to his own!⏎ One of the best, but the neck I received! What do you want?
Bosel: And from. Watchmen is not that. This road is known from‥‥.
Ledyn: This cave is on the continent, had lots of fun.
Bosel: Oh, this is the only way. Seaway is a different but no.⏎ So, this cave is defend they have no.
Ledyn: You know. Quickly conquer.
Bosel: Thank goodness, the body.
Bosel: And from. Watchmen is not that. This road is known from‥‥.
Ledyn: This cave is on the continent, had lots of fun.
Bosel: Oh, this is the only way. Seaway is a different but no.⏎ So, this cave is defend they have no.
Ledyn: You know. Quickly conquer.
Bosel: Thank goodness, the body.
Ledyn: Jessica, yours is diesel hate?
Jessica: ‥‥I is present according to not going.
Ledyn: So‥‥, but I follow it to?
Jessica: Yes. The Prince's words they follow.
Ledyn: If not. You go, each.
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Commander: Thank you for waiting! The Demon is everywhere!
Ledyn: And came‥‥without rushing reinforcements to deal with yet!
Commander: Thank you for waiting! The Demon is everywhere!
Ledyn: And came‥‥without rushing reinforcements to deal with yet!
Ledyn: Is this where I die?‥‥I would‥‥.
Commander: The enemy was! The dark forces of this cave back into darkness.
Commander: In a hurry call in reinforcements yet!
Commander: OK!
Bosel: A bonus, collector's edition purchases count toward three stamps on your monthly game the same as you. Herald If you miss,reinforcements and conversations.
Ledyn: If you before it killed you. The whole army,mRNA troops defeated the game.
Ledyn: Missed some‥‥
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Ledyn: First, you do not have‥‥
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Ledyn: What you're doing! Herald miss you!
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Ledyn: By then the tone of the game.
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Ledyn: Other than that each! Miss you more!
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Ledyn: You and Little,kill it!
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Ledyn: This in the Herald are all defeated you. After 残敵 to annihilate each other!
Ledyn: I of darkness the armies of the General,the lady still‥‥.
Bosel: I found this Prince of darkness, Bo diesel no.
Nicollis: Ball General your follow.
Nagya: Movie movie movie,Kill me.
Narm: Command please. Lady your.
Jessica: Prince to with to follow, it is my will and.
Jessica: Command please. Lady your.
Taylor: Command please. Lady your.
Sone: Command please. Lady your.
Ledyn: Go!
Bosel: My hands had died from it and honors it seems.
Nicollis: Our way is death.
Nagya: No resistance please, Hey.
Narm: To attack.
Jessica: My magic is!
Jessica: To attack.
Taylor: To attack.
Sone: To attack.
Bosel: I think out of fierce resistance, received. This is a retreat like this.
Nicollis: Volume of diesel customers,the temporary withdrawal for you.
Nagya: Instead, I lose to such as‥‥go!? Remember it!
Narm: He retired to.
Jessica: Prince‥‥after Please.
Jessica: He retired to.
Taylor: He retired to.
Sone: He retired to.
Commander: Monsters with attacks that is!
Commander: Reinforcements‥‥reinforcements are still!
Commander: Your hotel, the glory, that‥‥.
Ledyn: The cave can be secured or not.
Bosel: Oh, but this cave is once a blockade as well.⏎ We dismissed you, or the enemy to be allocated.⏎ Futile to continue the fight and,once blocked, reposition want.
Ledyn: You know. If they try to do so.
Nicollis: Volume of diesel we have!
Bosel: What's the matter, Nico list.
Nicollis: Subordinates report from all!⏎ Our Velcro General of the continent off the coast of OFUNA Foundation looks!
Bosel: What do you see as‥‥back to work!!!
Jessica: Thank you,Prince.
Ledyn: The cave can be secured or not.
Bosel: Oh, but this cave is once a blockade as well.⏎ We dismissed you, or the enemy to be allocated.⏎ Futile to continue the fight and,once blocked, reposition want.
Ledyn: You know. If they try to do so.‥‥ Jessica, How Was it?
M: No, just not filling, the⏎course magic is a blow with the hand and have to think about.
Bosel: The enemy's reconnaissance in force I see.
Jessica: Is that so?
Nicollis: Volume of diesel we have!
Bosel: What's the matter, Nico list.
Nicollis: Subordinates report from all!⏎ Our Velcro General of the continent off the coast of OFUNA Foundation looks!
Bosel: What do you see as‥‥back to work!!!
Bosel: This is asked each.
Ledyn: Oh, leave it. It was also felt that the like.
Bosel: The‥‥WHO told him.⏎ New and original they can take, but really okay, huh?
Ledyn: Oh, this is a 手駒 is. Never mind.
Bosel: You know. If you kill the enemy that.
Narm: Lady the enemy fleet landed and started in......
Ledyn: You know. This is also out of it. They to eliminate.
Narm: I noted this and will.
Jessica: Prince,the enemy fleet landed and started in.
Ledyn: You know. This is also out of it. They to eliminate.
Jessica: Yes, I will.
Albart: It is‥‥Prince!?
Horking: The mistake I made was‥‥⏎Report was correct as is.
Albart: From darkness to brainwashing as is the‥‥⏎so 1 person can go as such, the opposition was!
Horking: I also at the same time.⏎ However‥‥apparently the fight ahead as they each operate individual crew-stations and strive to work for those who also⏎brainwashed by them all.
Albart: I somehow Wake up can do manually.
Horking: But let's do it.
Ledyn: Halfway down that would become‥‥regrets still‥‥
Albart: The Prince,his sanity and return please!
Ledyn: You see, I was sane, and Albert.
Albart: It definitely will not die!⏎ This Albert, the Prince thing was you right now!
Ledyn: If the eyes look good. I sanity have lost whether.⏎ Now I am the darkness of the army of General still. And we even forgive, is not.
Horking: Royal magician of. You‥‥.
Jessica: I am also Sane. I Prince‥‥the guidance of follow.
Horking: ‥‥Albert Hall,What do you think?
Albart: ‥‥Unfortunately sanity looks.⏎ To the Prince what happened what‥‥.
Horking: The! What are you doing!
Sone: Hawking publicly‥‥Yes, design your life according to your will.
Horking: Wake up! It is the darkness of the armies of man. You been brainwashed to be.
Sone: Of darkness‥‥what to‥‥
Horking: And who are you to serve! Our hometown,site of things to remember!
Sone: Services,glass‥‥yeah, I‥‥and my monkey glass‥‥sources only!
Ledyn: Brainwashing can solve your‥‥bonus gallery, for the odd spell‥‥.
Sone: I from!⏎ The more we Hawking publicly back to the bottom of it! The enemy the!
Jessica: Sorry. The Prince was hostile to the‥‥
Sone: I!? What was!?
Jessica: For Prince‥‥I you eliminate.
Sone: So‥‥over あ あ あ あ あ I!?
Horking: The!⏎ I‥‥sorted backwards! Hurry up and treatment to survive.
Ledyn: The enemy is no matter who I fight.
Narm: Command please. Lady your.
Jessica: Command please. Lady your.
Taylor: Command please. Lady your.
Sone: Command please. Lady your.
Sone: I'm Hawking the public to see!
Albart: Late file Zack for also,Prince is back!
Horking: Now that Prince to giving back to the community when the Prince must stop that!
Ledyn: Whoever you may be, disturbed or not!
Narm: To attack.
Jessica: To attack.
Taylor: To attack.
Sone: To attack.
Sone: This I brainwash no,not Hey!
Albart: Assault you!
Horking: As such.
Narm: He retired to.
Jessica: He retired to.
Taylor: He retired to.
Albart: The Balzac‥‥if‥‥Sorry,no‥‥.
Horking: ‥‥Prince,Sane lovely lady.
Sone: He retired to.
Sone: I‥‥now receding each!
Sone: I‥‥Prince‥‥no, media! Hawking publicly killed you!
Ledyn: Brainwashing can solve your‥‥bonus gallery, for the odd spell‥‥.
Ledyn: ‥‥Oh, yeah.
Sone: Remember back‥‥sure Hawking of public harm and take!
Ledyn: ‥‥.
Ledyn: As we fought had some‥‥⏎you,Albert,Hawking‥‥.
Ledyn: But still I am of darkness,ball of the ideal support you want.⏎ You, the reflection, the Prince‥‥.
Jessica: Prince‥‥okay?
Ledyn: As we fought had some‥‥you, Jessica‥‥?
Jessica: The answer is that the sword of the Will,Prince.
Ledyn: The user logged in?
Jessica: Evil is it of the sword to Shine lose.⏎ But, that sword is unchanged shining.⏎ That is, the Prince is not wrong,that's a wonderful thing.
S1: The anguish, the pain in the heart I say....,⏎from the light of the goddess we imposed a test of it.⏎ I have a spark from the Prince to believe that will continue.
S2: People not only monsters, all for the mercy of the wielded that sword, and⏎definitely should not be.
Ledyn: ‥‥Oh, thank you, Jessica.
Bosel: 後手後手 turning to you, we‥‥.
Nicollis: Volume of diesel customers,this temple also intruders. Come and escape to.
Bosel: Direct my life AIM came from,interesting‥‥.⏎ This killed me if it was a man thing.
Nicollis: Box diesel Your‥‥but it is!
Bosel: Off,please. Of course going to die as not.⏎ The intruder grandly greets and more!
Ledyn: Box diesel unharmed from!
Bosel: Lady from. This street is not a problem.
Ledyn: From the assassins sent in that‥‥. Immediately to intercept.
Bosel: Wonder how. Media.
Jessica: Prince,I'm spotting you!
Ledyn: Oh, rely on it, Jessica!
Ledyn: Is this where I die?‥‥I would‥‥.
Ledyn: Not,of course, all of us lack that‥‥. It was so great!?
Commander: ‥‥.
Ledyn: I!? Differents from a kid from!?
Commander: We carry out the mission that‥‥.
Ledyn: Not,of course, all of us lack that‥‥. It was so great!?
Commander: ‥‥.
Ledyn: I!? Differents from a kid from!?
Commander: We carry out the mission that‥‥.
Jessica: Prince! This is what I suppress!
Ledyn: Jessica! However‥‥.
Commander: ‥‥It is also not unexpected.
Ledyn: This number manually into the new!
Commander: ‥‥Box easel, prepared!
Bosel: By‥‥!?
Bosel: Spare was not.⏎ You bit into it,the Blade,my heart reached would.
Commander: ‥‥Ugh‥‥. And off‥‥Japan,the mission‥‥fulfilled't‥‥.
Bosel: ‥‥Dead. The mission of The achieve the dream die and not‥‥.
Ledyn: Thug such as‥‥cowardly to imitate!
Jessica: Prince to with to follow, it is my will and.
Bosel: Funny, some not.
Nicollis: Ball General your follow.
Nagya: A person's house shoes in how to imitate‥‥.
Ledyn: Go!
Jessica: My magic is!
Bosel: My hands had died from it and honors it seems.
Nicollis: Our way is death.
Nagya: No resistance please, Hey.
Bosel: I think out of fierce resistance, received. This is a retreat like this.
Nicollis: Volume of diesel customers,the temporary withdrawal for you.
Nagya: Instead, I lose to such as‥‥go!? Remember it!
Jessica: Prince‥‥after Please.
Ledyn: Body, and I was not?
Bosel: Oh, this street‥‥ugh!?
Ledyn: Box diesel! How!
Nagya: From‥‥poison is!?
Ledyn: Poison and! Body, and firmly that you are the best!
Bosel: And the‥‥poison and is‥‥Bran was‥‥.⏎ Indeed, some of those who‥‥purpose,you have‥‥stunning.
Ledyn: Box diesel! I‥‥community level. Poison my friends
Nicollis: Reckless, and Media Temple. The kind of poison is also not know is‥‥.
Jessica: ‥‥Yeah, that's the only progress is no longer‥‥
Bosel: The may not‥‥it,our fate would‥‥⏎of chaos Dawn is a worthy‥‥. However‥‥mind the rest that‥‥.
Ledyn: Know! The downtrodden of the world‥‥I realized that!
Bosel: If‥‥good.⏎ The I luminosity of the descendant, in the main, the⏎things like this to ask, is the‥‥do not know,most of you‥‥.
Bosel: And off‥‥really funny,‥‥if‥‥.
Ledyn: Box diesel‥‥box diesel!
Nicollis: Box diesel Your‥‥its‥‥.
Nagya: Like to be a part of. New arrival!⏎ From the Board General your the enemy of the assassins killed out‥‥
Nicollis: What do you want from me!? Shut up inner energy! Differents from the personal guards, if‥‥!
Ledyn: ‥‥Box, and restful sleep.⏎ Listen,Nico, and designer gallery. The darkness of those who by!
Nicollis: Media Temple‥‥?
Ledyn: I‥‥Board of shuts down. We come to you!
Jessica: Of the Prince, he‥‥
Nicollis: Came. Hotel,double of the Allied forces in.
Ledyn: ‥‥It is.... Out to each.
Nicollis: Will the. Prior to that, my Of Darkness the armies before the appearance of Please.
Ledyn: You know.
Ledyn: Hear from our darkness of those who like us.⏎ My Name‥‥box diesel! The Prince of darkness, and the darkness of the head of the clan that!
Ledyn: Now,hate some of you people,we are threatening!⏎ So, we have history in the back of the long oppressed them.⏎ However, it is even today still!
Ledyn: Closing in to annihilate the enemy, and we are here in the realm of darkness the founding of declare!⏎ This is our country for you! Oppressed one,the downtrodden, not our utopia!
Ledyn: Realize it it is said that coming! So‥‥fight!⏎ In its claws,its fangs at the enemy, tearing,eating only!⏎ Our ideals for the realization of!
01: Debugging clear:the enemy wiped out
Ledyn: Box diesel‥‥but‥‥.
Sone: The demon style is a cheeky thing to say and that‥‥.
Ledyn: Source Forbes! Of attack ready!
Sone: And,from one attack to drop! The demon how to kill to survive.
Ledyn: It is!
Sone: Hawking publicly‥‥harm always!
Commander: Between the suits so.
Rias: That's right. The French Corps also participated in!
Leticia: Yeah, let's go!
Ledyn: My name is diesel,and found good.
Jessica: We of the Prince of darkness he‥‥
Jessica: Command please. Lady your.
Nicollis: I no matter what volume of diesel we follow.
Nagya: Board General agreement that much of darkness, the forces can be at peace.
Narm: Command please. Lady your.
Taylor: Command please. Lady your.
Sone: Hawking public harm you!
Rias: I go!
Leticia: For instance we would like to without‥‥French Corps in the name of ashamed to die like a fight.
Ledyn: Of darkness army of long the power of the see!
Jessica: I am the Prince of this magic use!
Jessica: To attack.
Nicollis: Our way is death.
Nagya: No resistance please, Hey.
Narm: To attack.
Taylor: To attack.
Sone: From eh!
Rias: Now fight me!
Leticia: Fight!
Nicollis: Some‥‥die here would become‥‥
Nagya: And‥‥but‥‥I die,‥‥'t‥‥
Narm: He retired to.
Jessica: Prince‥‥I'm sorry‥‥.
Jessica: He retired to.
Taylor: He retired to.
Sone: I‥‥anymore, stuck I I‥‥
Rias: ‥‥Online your. Afterall, you are not‥‥
Leticia: Online your‥‥sorry.
Ledyn: Won, but‥‥.
Nicollis: Yes. We have a victory.
Ledyn: So‥‥⏎by this Velcro jelly from the continent of those who completely ward off of!⏎ This land,our country, and darkness in the name of utopia to build!
Nicollis: It is! Volume of diesel customers.
Nagya: Yes, will stay.
Ledyn: Box diesel‥‥world all is not⏎this, and is one of the ideal part of the grant could‥‥.
Ledyn: Won, but‥‥.
Jessica: The Prince, we win it.⏎ And the media also, download system also,⏎we have the power to counteract left out.
Ledyn: ‥‥So,if now is the time to invest as well.⏎ The whole army to reorganize the way! The enemy of righting it without giving,up!⏎ Continents tempting for now!
Nicollis: It is! Volume of diesel customers.
Nagya: Yes, will stay.
Ledyn: Our ideal‥‥the darkness in the name of equality under the world‥‥⏎this grant and the opportunity is now, and no!⏎ The darkness and all the darkness of those who by! My name is diesel! Our follow!
Ledyn: ‥‥Go, Jessica. First hotel only.
Jessica: Yes, the Prince.⏎ Let me now. The of the goddess, your mind will‥‥.
Bosel: And from. Watchmen is not that. This road is known from‥‥.
Ledyn: This cave is on the continent, had lots of fun.
Bosel: Oh, this is the only way. Seaway is a different but no.⏎ So, this cave is defend they have no.
Ledyn: You know. Quickly conquer.
Bosel: Thank goodness, the body.
Bosel: And from. Watchmen is not that. This road is known from‥‥.
Ledyn: This cave is on the continent, had lots of fun.
Bosel: Oh, this is the only way. Seaway is a different but no.⏎ So, this cave is defend they have no.
Ledyn: You know. Quickly conquer.
Bosel: Thank goodness, the body.
Ledyn: Jessica, yours is diesel hate?
Jessica: ‥‥I is present according to not going.
Ledyn: So‥‥, but I follow it to?
Jessica: Yes. The Prince's words they follow.
Ledyn: If not. You go, each.
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Commander: Thank you for waiting! The Demon is everywhere!
Ledyn: And came‥‥without rushing reinforcements to deal with yet!
Commander: Thank you for waiting! The Demon is everywhere!
Ledyn: And came‥‥without rushing reinforcements to deal with yet!
Ledyn: Is this where I die?‥‥I would‥‥.
Commander: The enemy was! The dark forces of this cave back into darkness.
Commander: In a hurry call in reinforcements yet!
Commander: OK!
Bosel: A bonus, collector's edition purchases count toward three stamps on your monthly game the same as you. Herald If you miss,reinforcements and conversations.
Ledyn: If you before it killed you. The whole army,mRNA troops defeated the game.
Ledyn: Missed some‥‥
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Ledyn: First, you do not have‥‥
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Ledyn: What you're doing! Herald miss you!
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Ledyn: By then the tone of the game.
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Ledyn: Other than that each! Miss you more!
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Ledyn: You and Little,kill it!
Ledyn: I‥‥reinforcements are coming! At the entrance to the cave Be careful!
Ledyn: This in the Herald are all defeated you. After 残敵 to annihilate each other!
Ledyn: I of darkness the armies of the General,the lady still‥‥.
Bosel: I found this Prince of darkness, Bo diesel no.
Nicollis: Ball General your follow.
Nagya: Movie movie movie,Kill me.
Narm: Command please. Lady your.
Jessica: Prince to with to follow, it is my will and.
Jessica: Command please. Lady your.
Taylor: Command please. Lady your.
Sone: Command please. Lady your.
Ledyn: Go!
Bosel: My hands had died from it and honors it seems.
Nicollis: Our way is death.
Nagya: No resistance please, Hey.
Narm: To attack.
Jessica: My magic is!
Jessica: To attack.
Taylor: To attack.
Sone: To attack.
Bosel: I think out of fierce resistance, received. This is a retreat like this.
Nicollis: Volume of diesel customers,the temporary withdrawal for you.
Nagya: Instead, I lose to such as‥‥go!? Remember it!
Narm: He retired to.
Jessica: Prince‥‥after Please.
Jessica: He retired to.
Taylor: He retired to.
Sone: He retired to.
Commander: Monsters with attacks that is!
Commander: Reinforcements‥‥reinforcements are still!
Commander: Your hotel, the glory, that‥‥.
Ledyn: The cave can be secured or not.
Bosel: Oh, but this cave is once a blockade as well.⏎ We dismissed you, or the enemy to be allocated.⏎ Futile to continue the fight and,once blocked, reposition want.
Ledyn: You know. If they try to do so.
Nicollis: Volume of diesel we have!
Bosel: What's the matter, Nico list.
Nicollis: Subordinates report from all!⏎ Our Velcro General of the continent off the coast of OFUNA Foundation looks!
Bosel: What do you see as‥‥back to work!!!
Jessica: Thank you,Prince.
Ledyn: The cave can be secured or not.
Bosel: Oh, but this cave is once a blockade as well.⏎ We dismissed you, or the enemy to be allocated.⏎ Futile to continue the fight and,once blocked, reposition want.
Ledyn: You know. If they try to do so.⏎‥‥ Jessica, How Was it?
M: No, just not filling, the⏎course magic is a blow with the hand and have to think about.
Bosel: The enemy's reconnaissance in force I see.
Jessica: Is that so?
Nicollis: Volume of diesel we have!
Bosel: What's the matter, Nico list.
Nicollis: Subordinates report from all!⏎ Our Velcro General of the continent off the coast of OFUNA Foundation looks!
Bosel: What do you see as‥‥back to work!!!
Bosel: This is asked each.
Ledyn: Oh, leave it. It was also felt that the like.
Bosel: The‥‥WHO told him.⏎ New and original they can take, but really okay, huh?
Ledyn: Oh, this is a 手駒 is. Never mind.
Bosel: You know. If you kill the enemy that.
Narm: Lady the enemy fleet landed and started in......
Ledyn: You know. This is also out of it. They to eliminate.
Narm: I noted this and will.
Jessica: Prince,the enemy fleet landed and started in.
Ledyn: You know. This is also out of it. They to eliminate.
Jessica: Yes, I will.
Albart: It is‥‥Prince!?
Horking: The mistake I made was‥‥⏎Report was correct as is.
Albart: From darkness to brainwashing as is the‥‥⏎so 1 person can go as such, the opposition was!
Horking: I also at the same time.⏎ However‥‥apparently the fight ahead as they each operate individual crew-stations and strive to work for those who also⏎brainwashed by them all.
Albart: I somehow Wake up can do manually.
Horking: But let's do it.
Ledyn: Halfway down that would become‥‥regrets still‥‥
Albart: The Prince,his sanity and return please!
Ledyn: You see, I was sane, and Albert.
Albart: It definitely will not die!⏎ This Albert, the Prince thing was you right now!
Ledyn: If the eyes look good. I sanity have lost whether.⏎ Now I am the darkness of the army of General still. And we even forgive, is not.
Horking: Royal magician of. You‥‥.
Jessica: I am also Sane. I Prince‥‥the guidance of follow.
Horking: ‥‥Albert Hall,What do you think?
Albart: ‥‥Unfortunately sanity looks.⏎ To the Prince what happened what‥‥.
Horking: The! What are you doing!
Sone: Hawking publicly‥‥Yes, design your life according to your will.
Horking: Wake up! It is the darkness of the armies of man. You been brainwashed to be.
Sone: Of darkness‥‥what to‥‥
Horking: And who are you to serve! Our hometown,site of things to remember!
Sone: Services,glass‥‥yeah, I‥‥and my monkey glass‥‥sources only!
Ledyn: Brainwashing can solve your‥‥bonus gallery, for the odd spell‥‥.
Sone: I from!⏎ The more we Hawking publicly back to the bottom of it! The enemy the!
Jessica: Sorry. The Prince was hostile to the‥‥
Sone: I!? What was!?
Jessica: For Prince‥‥I you eliminate.
Sone: So‥‥over あ あ あ あ あ I!?
Horking: The!⏎ I‥‥sorted backwards! Hurry up and treatment to survive.
Ledyn: The enemy is no matter who I fight.
Narm: Command please. Lady your.
Jessica: Prince to with to follow, it is my will and.
Jessica: Command please. Lady your.
Taylor: Command please. Lady your.
Sone: Command please. Lady your.
Sone: I'm Hawking the public to see!
Albart: Late file Zack for also,Prince is back!
Horking: Now that Prince to giving back to the community when the Prince must stop that!
Ledyn: Whoever you may be, disturbed or not!
Narm: To attack.
Jessica: My magic is!
Jessica: To attack.
Taylor: To attack.
Sone: To attack.
Sone: This I brainwash no,not Hey!
Albart: Assault you!
Horking: As such.
Narm: He retired to.
Jessica: Prince‥‥after Please.
Jessica: He retired to.
Taylor: He retired to.
Albart: The Balzac‥‥if‥‥Sorry,no‥‥.
Horking: ‥‥Prince,Sane lovely lady.
Sone: He retired to.
Sone: I‥‥now receding each!
Sone: I‥‥Prince‥‥no, media! Hawking publicly killed you!
Ledyn: Brainwashing can solve your‥‥bonus gallery, for the odd spell‥‥.
Ledyn: ‥‥Oh, yeah.
Sone: Remember back‥‥sure Hawking of public harm and take!
Ledyn: ‥‥.
Ledyn: As we fought had some‥‥⏎you,Albert,Hawking‥‥.
Ledyn: But still I am of darkness,ball of the ideal support you want.⏎ You, the reflection, the Prince‥‥.
Jessica: Prince‥‥okay?
Ledyn: As we fought had some‥‥you, Jessica‥‥?
Jessica: The answer is that the sword of the Will,Prince.
Ledyn: The user logged in?
Jessica: Evil is it of the sword to Shine lose.⏎ But, that sword is unchanged shining.⏎ That is, the Prince is not wrong,that's a wonderful thing.
S1: The anguish, the pain in the heart I say....,⏎from the light of the goddess we imposed a test of it.⏎ I have a spark from the Prince to believe that will continue.
S2: People not only monsters, all for the mercy of the wielded that sword, and⏎definitely should not be.
Ledyn: ‥‥Oh, thank you, Jessica.
Bosel: 後手後手 turning to you, we‥‥.
Nicollis: Volume of diesel customers,this temple also intruders. Come and escape to.
Bosel: Direct my life AIM came from,interesting‥‥.⏎ This killed me if it was a man thing.
Nicollis: Box diesel Your‥‥but it is!
Bosel: Off,please. Of course going to die as not.⏎ The intruder grandly greets and more!
Ledyn: Box diesel unharmed from!
Bosel: Lady from. This street is not a problem.
Ledyn: From the assassins sent in that‥‥. Immediately to intercept.
Bosel: Wonder how. Media.
Jessica: Prince,I'm spotting you!
Ledyn: Oh, rely on it, Jessica!
Ledyn: Is this where I die?‥‥I would‥‥.
Ledyn: Not,of course, all of us lack that‥‥. It was so great!?
Commander: ‥‥.
Ledyn: I!? Differents from a kid from!?
Commander: We carry out the mission that‥‥.
Ledyn: Not,of course, all of us lack that‥‥. It was so great!?
Commander: ‥‥.
Ledyn: I!? Differents from a kid from!?
Commander: We carry out the mission that‥‥.
Jessica: Prince! This is what I suppress!
Ledyn: Jessica! However‥‥.
Commander: ‥‥It is also not unexpected.
Ledyn: This number manually into the new!
Commander: ‥‥Box easel, prepared!
Bosel: By‥‥!?
Bosel: Spare was not.⏎ You bit into it,the Blade,my heart reached would.
Commander: ‥‥Ugh‥‥. And off‥‥Japan,the mission‥‥fulfilled't‥‥.
Bosel: ‥‥Dead. The mission of The achieve the dream die and not‥‥.
Ledyn: Thug such as‥‥cowardly to imitate!
Jessica: Prince to with to follow, it is my will and.
Bosel: Funny, some not.
Nicollis: Ball General your follow.
Nagya: A person's house shoes in how to imitate‥‥.
Ledyn: Go!
Jessica: My magic is!
Bosel: My hands had died from it and honors it seems.
Nicollis: Our way is death.
Nagya: No resistance please, Hey.
Bosel: I think out of fierce resistance, received. This is a retreat like this.
Nicollis: Volume of diesel customers,the temporary withdrawal for you.
Nagya: Instead, I lose to such as‥‥go!? Remember it!
Jessica: Prince‥‥after Please.
Ledyn: Body, and I was not?
Bosel: Oh, this street‥‥ugh!?
Ledyn: Box diesel! How!
Nagya: From‥‥poison is!?
Ledyn: Poison and! Body, and firmly that you are the best!
Bosel: And the‥‥poison and is‥‥Bran was‥‥.⏎ Indeed, some of those who‥‥purpose,you have‥‥stunning.
Ledyn: Box diesel! I‥‥community level. Poison my friends
Nicollis: Reckless, and Media Temple. The kind of poison is also not know is‥‥.
Jessica: ‥‥Yeah, that's the only progress is no longer‥‥
Bosel: The may not‥‥it,our fate would‥‥⏎of chaos Dawn is a worthy‥‥. However‥‥mind the rest that‥‥.
Ledyn: Know! The downtrodden of the world‥‥I realized that!
Bosel: If‥‥good.⏎ The I luminosity of the descendant, in the main, the⏎things like this to ask, is the‥‥do not know,most of you‥‥.
Bosel: And off‥‥really funny,‥‥if‥‥.
Ledyn: Box diesel‥‥box diesel!
Nicollis: Box diesel Your‥‥its‥‥.
Nagya: Like to be a part of. New arrival!⏎ From the Board General your the enemy of the assassins killed out‥‥
Nicollis: What do you want from me!? Shut up inner energy! Differents from the personal guards, if‥‥!
Ledyn: ‥‥Box, and restful sleep.⏎ Listen,Nico, and designer gallery. The darkness of those who by!
Nicollis: Media Temple‥‥?
Ledyn: I‥‥Board of shuts down. We come to you!
Jessica: Of the Prince, he‥‥
Nicollis: Came. Hotel,double of the Allied forces in.
Ledyn: ‥‥It is.... Out to each.
Nicollis: Will the. Prior to that, my Of Darkness the armies before the appearance of Please.
Ledyn: You know.
Ledyn: Hear from our darkness of those who like us.⏎ My Name‥‥box diesel! The Prince of darkness, and the darkness of the head of the clan that!
Ledyn: Now,hate some of you people,we are threatening!⏎ So, we have history in the back of the long oppressed them.⏎ However, it is even today still!
Ledyn: Closing in to annihilate the enemy, and we are here in the realm of darkness the founding of declare!⏎ This is our country for you! Oppressed one,the downtrodden, not our utopia!
Ledyn: Realize it it is said that coming! So‥‥fight!⏎ In its claws,its fangs at the enemy, tearing,eating only!⏎ Our ideals for the realization of!
01: Debugging clear:the enemy wiped out
Ledyn: Box diesel‥‥but‥‥.
Sone: The demon style is a cheeky thing to say and that‥‥.
Ledyn: Source Forbes! Of attack ready!
Sone: And,from one attack to drop! The demon how to kill to survive.
Ledyn: It is!
Sone: Hawking publicly‥‥harm always!
Commander: Between the suits so.
Rias: That's right. The French Corps also participated in!
Leticia: Yeah, let's go!
Ledyn: My name is diesel,and found good.
Jessica: We of the Prince of darkness he‥‥
Jessica: Command please. Lady your.
Nicollis: I no matter what volume of diesel we follow.
Nagya: Board General agreement that much of darkness, the forces can be at peace.
Narm: Command please. Lady your.
Taylor: Command please. Lady your.
Sone: Hawking public harm you!
Rias: I go!
Leticia: For instance we would like to without‥‥French Corps in the name of ashamed to die like a fight.
Ledyn: Of darkness army of long the power of the see!
Jessica: I am the Prince of this magic use!
Jessica: To attack.
Nicollis: Our way is death.
Nagya: No resistance please, Hey.
Narm: To attack.
Taylor: To attack.
Sone: From eh!
Rias: Now fight me!
Leticia: Fight!
Nicollis: Some‥‥die here would become‥‥
Nagya: And‥‥but‥‥I die,‥‥'t‥‥
Narm: He retired to.
Jessica: Prince‥‥I'm sorry‥‥.
Jessica: He retired to.
Taylor: He retired to.
Sone: I‥‥anymore, stuck I I‥‥
Rias: ‥‥Online your. Afterall, you are not‥‥
Leticia: Online your‥‥sorry.
Ledyn: Won, but‥‥.
Nicollis: Yes. We have a victory.
Ledyn: So‥‥⏎by this Velcro jelly from the continent of those who completely ward off of!⏎ This land,our country, and darkness in the name of utopia to build!
Nicollis: It is! Volume of diesel customers.
Nagya: Yes, will stay.
Ledyn: Box diesel‥‥world all is not⏎this, and is one of the ideal part of the grant could‥‥.
Ledyn: Won, but‥‥.
Jessica: The Prince, we win it.⏎ And the media also, download system also,⏎we have the power to counteract left out.
Ledyn: ‥‥So,if now is the time to invest as well.⏎ The whole army to reorganize the way! The enemy of righting it without giving,up!⏎ Continents tempting for now!
Nicollis: It is! Volume of diesel customers.
Nagya: Yes, will stay.
Ledyn: Our ideal‥‥the darkness in the name of equality under the world‥‥⏎this grant and the opportunity is now, and no!⏎ The darkness and all the darkness of those who by! My name is diesel! Our follow!
Ledyn: ‥‥Go, Jessica. First hotel only.
Jessica: Yes, the Prince.⏎ Let me now. The of the goddess, your mind will‥‥.
Jessica: Title Zack King!⏎ Castle siege and more!
Irzack: Lady by. And services to self-criticism are the characteristic endowments of the mathematician.⏎ There is my friend Hawking is.⏎ The middle of the night is to guide you. Hurry up!
Ledyn: Father! What to say to you!
Irzack: The draft should be.⏎ This can be in the fall is unexpected. If for just.
Taylor: When the enemy moves you.
Irzack: Worth the cost. Lady to ask!
Volcov: Hello! The music, the life, instead also!
Narm: Prince! The enemy is before you come here early in the escape!
Irzack: What you are doing.⏎ Early Nam to go! Go Bran!
Irzack: Damaged troops commanders of the treatment course!
Volcov: Hello!
Irzack: The commander is also wounded or do not overdo it to treat you!
Jessica: More than a minute.
Irzack: Good, die you by!
Taylor: Note!
Irzack: What are you reading. Go is good!
Ledyn: Father‥‥
Narm: The Prince,soon!
Irzack: What are you doing reading! Not wasting a fight is sick!
Narm: Prince,please! More than this fight is dangerous! Early here!
Irzack: Some wet media!
Digos: What a hassle and what. Once squash let!
Ledyn: The enemy's main body started to move?!
Irzack: And it goth! The only differents is passed to the SWs!
Taylor: My name is Taylor! This step also pass!
Civilian: Chivalry is a dying thing and only one!
Jessica: More than this, we will not.
Sirgalious: My power, look like it.
Zeld: Useless resistance is to be here already ... 
Narm: Prince!
Narm: Early here!
Irzack: The cell in a previous year. Unreasonable is for you!
Kossel: Okay. Still a young person who is not the.
Narm: The Prince,soon! Surrounded by enemies or not.
Kossel: You old tease is not it.
Sirgalious: Humph! This is different from imitating it!
Zeld: Ha ha ha classic!
Commander: The extent of this on my confront and have guts to you!
Commander: The! Back for!
Digos: Fool for! This to me blade toward the school.
Irzack: Lady by. Unharmed,and fled the city.
Volcov: Wounded too. Prince, I have to retreat it.
Civilian: Taylor Your! And the body is more than this battle can't do!
Taylor: Give it away, no! I still fight it! Off! Away from!
Jessica: Oh‥‥!
Civilian: Someone, Jessica your back to take you back!
Civilian: The priest we!
Kossel: Know how to treat a woman. So over the years some of the‥‥
Civilian: This is dangerous. He was please!
Kossel: And,you never would‥‥.
Sirgalious: This is a retirement and. Remember it by!
Zeld: And of it! Now to try it!
Commander: Indigo children, sorry‥‥.
Commander: Download Empire to glory!
Digos: Well I defeat you,differents to escape the now retired and would.⏎ The whole army retreated, the second attack get ready!⏎ It is,I'll meet you‥‥ha ha ha ha ha up!
Ledyn: This is the end‥‥. Father,everyone, not‥‥
Civilian: Nam customers!
Narm: Out! The Prince comes in and only return
Ledyn: Nam!
Ledyn: This is repulsed, but also about a second wave might come.⏎ Hawking publicly to hurry reinforcements, gather the.
Narm: Lady-like,my safe place in the room.
Ledyn: However, the father of the thing I'm worried about.
Narm: The Prince sent after me to the castle back to the king to help them.
Ledyn: Ask each,Nam. My site is a bonus, collector's edition purchases count toward three stamps on your monthly game gather to make sure to come back!
Non: ■In fact, Thank You for Playing in the hidden message.⏎■ In fact, Thank You for Playing in the hidden message.⏎■ In fact, Thank You for Playing in the hidden message.
